The 'Jisei' series is a visual novel series created by sakevisual for the Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X and Linux platforms. 
'Siren' ('Forbidden Siren' in the PAL region for the first two PlayStation 2 games) is a survival horror stealth game series consisting of three installments developed by SIE Japan Studio and Project Siren, a development team within SIE Japan Studio, and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.
Siren is the first installment in the series and was released in November 2003 for the PlayStation 2.
The game is set in a remote Japanese mountain village named . The shibito then go about building a nest to house the corporeal form of Datatsushi once it is summoned, as well as killing and converting any living humans left in Hanuda. The story is told through the perspectives of ten survivors, some of whom are natives of Hanuda, and is presented out of chronological order over the three days in which the mystery takes place.
Forbidden Siren 2 is the second installment in the series and was released in February 2006. The game tells the story of several characters who become trapped on Yamijima, an island off the coast of mainland Japan. On August 3, 1976, an underwater cable was cut, and all power to the island was lost. During the subsequent blackout, all of the islanders disappeared and the island became deserted. Twenty-nine years later, in 2005, a magazine editor called Mamoru Itsuki is visiting the island to conduct research for an article when the ferry he and a small group of other passengers are on capsizes, after it is hit by a red tidal wave. Shortly after his arrival, a group of soldiers crash land on the island after their helicopter has engine troubles. They must all find ways to survive the island's "monsters", the shibito.
The game is played through several character perspectives, each with his or her own strengths and weaknesses, through an overlapping timeline of the fateful night that alternates between the present and the past. The story can unfold in different ways with, in many cases, two or more different versions of a level, which will have slightly different objectives than the original. If the player is thorough and plays through these optional versions, the story and characters may develop even further than before.
Siren: Blood Curse is the third installment in the series and was released in July 2008. The game is a video game remake|"reimagining" of the first game and it tells the story of an American camera crew's disappearance in a mountainous region in Japan.  On August 3, 2007, an American TV crew visits the area of Hanuda Village, Japan, a mountain village that vanished completely in 1976.  At the same time, an American high school student has also traveled to Hanuda due to a mysterious e-mail message that he had received.  At nighttime, the crew stumble upon a ritual (called a Mana ritual) being performed where they watch local murdered as part of the ritual.  As another local was about to be sacrificed, the American student intervenes and saves the local, then goes out to find help.  In the process of getting help, he encounters a policeman that tries to kill him.  Meanwhile, the sacrificed local revives as a Shibito, a "monster" of Hanuda, and attacks the camera crew.
Forbidden Siren (????) is a movie adaptation of Siren. It was released in Japan on February 9, 2006 to coincide with the Japanese release of Forbidden Siren 2, on which the movie is loosely based. Forbidden Siren was directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi and stars actors Yui Ichikawa, Leo Morimoto, Naoki Tanaka, Hiroshi Abe, Naomi Nishida, Suzuki Matsuo, Kyûsaku Shimada, Mai Takahashi, and Jun Nishiyama.
On April 17, 2014, Sony announced a manga series titled Siren: Akai Umi no Yobigoe (Siren: The Call of the Red Sea) and based on the first game. The manga is drawn by Hiroshi Kamio and it ran from July 2014 to December 2015 in Home-sha's Shinmimibukuro Atmos magazine. The manga was scheduled to move to an online format in April 2016, but due to the author's health complications, the manga is currently on hiatus.
 is a Japanese action role-playing game, developed by Mistwalker and AQ Interactive for the Wii video game console. Nintendo published the title in all regions except for North America, where it was published by Xseed Games. Initially released in Japan in 2011, the game was released in western territories through 2012. The Last Story takes place upon the island fortress of Lazulis, in a world that is slowly being drained of life by an unknown force. The story focuses on a group of mercenaries looking for work on Lazulis; one of their number, Zael, dreams of becoming a knight. After receiving the mystical "Mark of the Outsider", Zael becomes involved with a noblewoman named Calista in an ongoing war between humans and the beast-like Gorak. During gameplay, the player controls Zael as he and the mercenary group to which he belongs undertake missions on Lazulis. Zael can command the rest of the mercenary squad during missions, and fights in battles that involve action, tactical and stealth elements. Multiple online multiplayer modes are also present.
The game was directed and co-written by Hironobu Sakaguchi, the original creator of Final Fantasy, who had the initial idea for the title after seeing the mixed responses to Blue Dragon and Lost Odyssey. Together with designer Takuya Matsumoto, Sakaguchi decided to make a game that would be different from his previous work and most other role-playing games. Development took between three and four years according to different sources. Its story was originally based in science fiction, but at Nintendo's insistence it was changed to be primarily based around fantasy. Among the staff were regular Final Fantasy composer Nobuo Uematsu, and illustrator Kimihiko Fujisaka. It was originally going to be exclusive to Japan, and later its North American release was in doubt after being announced for release in Europe and Australia. During this time, a fan campaign called Operation Rainfall drew considerable attention to the title. The title was a commercial success, and received generally positive reviews worldwide: while the gameplay generally met with praise, opinions varied on the story and graphics.
The Last Story is an action role-playing game (ARPG) incorporating elements of Tactical role-playing game|tactical and stealth gameplay. The player controls main protagonist Zael for the majority of the game. Zael is primarily controlled using the Wii Remote from a fixed third-person view. The game can be controlled using the Wii Remote and Nunchuk, or the Classic Controller. The game's main hub is a public house on Lazulis Island, which also houses a save point for players. Lazulis City is the main setting for most of the game, which provides the player with access to side quests, shops, and areas to collect items when not engaged in the main story. In addition to environments within missions such as ruins and forests where enemies are encountered and fought, there is an arena where the player can improve the party and their combat abilities. If the party is victorious, the party can pick up money and items from non-playable characters betting on the fight.
In battle, the player controls Zael alone, with the rest of the party being controlled by the game's artificial intelligence (AI) and directed by player commands. Parties are composed of up to six characters, each with five "lives", with them automatically reviving after a certain time if Zael cannot revive them manually. The attack directions of both party characters and enemies are represented by lines connecting the different characters. Combat plays out in real-time, with attacks either happening automatically when a character is within range or manually. Actions such as dodging and movement are done manually. Blocking and actions such as vaulting over low obstacles are performed by holding the B button. Zael can also move to take cover behind objects, which allows them to break an enemy's line of sight on them or creep along walls. During combat, a character's Tension gauge will fill, enabling the performance of special moves: these can vary from dealing damage to enemies across a wide area to reviving unconscious allies.
A skill unique to Zael is Gathering: when activated, all enemies within an area will focus their attention on him, allowing other team members to act without interruption. As the game progresses, Zael can issue commands to the other team members, with the perspective switching to a top-down view for this action. In addition to standard combat, players can switch to a behind-the-shoulder perspective for manually firing Zael's crossbow, which can launch a variety of ammunition at enemies and objects. Enemies in Zael's sights will have their weaknesses and abilities revealed. In battle, destructible objects in the environment can be used by the party to defeat enemies; these objects regenerate after a time rather than remaining destroyed. Magic cast by certain characters with that ability leave the casting area temporarily imbued with a spell's elemental properties creating a magic circle. These circles can cause elemental damage or effects to enemies within the area, or they can imbue the weapons of characters who walk into the circle with said element. Eventually, Zael will learn the ability to "diffuse" magic circles which will spread the spell's effect which varies depending on the element. .
In addition to the single-player campaign, players have access to online multiplayer through the game's main menu. The multiplayer features two modes: a competitive mode where players face each other in various stages, and a co-op mode where a team of players face bosses from the single-player campaign. For the competitive match, the player can choose from multiple allied and enemy characters, and all boons granted by equipment or experience levels are removed to level the playing field. Teams of up to six players can be formed for team matches. Players gain or lose points when they defeat or are defeated by an opponent, and defeated enemies respawn in the battlefield. When all opponents have been defeated, all players are awarded with items and equipment that can carry over into the single-player campaign: those who performed the best receive higher-quality equipment and "titles" ti distinguish them from other players. The co-op battles allow players to carry over their equipment and character levels from single-player, with the available characters being restricted to Zael's mercenary group. Defeating a boss earns players items themed around it. In both modes, players communicate using a stock of scripted responses both taken from the single-player campaign and specially created for multiplayer.
The Last Story is set on Lazulis Island, a vast seaborne fortress ruled by Count Arganan and allied to an unnamed human empire in the midst of crisis as the land decays and dies. Dagran, a mercenary, travels to Lazulis in search of employment with the mercenary band he leads: Zael, Syrenne, Yurick, Lowell and Mirania. During the journey, Zael, who dreams of becoming a knight, encounters a mysterious force and is branded on the hand, granting him magical power. While on an errand in town, Zael runs into a woman named Lisa and helps her escape from city guards. Employed as guards to Count Arganan for the wedding of his niece, Lady Calista, to Lord Jirall, Zael encounters Calista and recognizes her as "Lisa". The group also meet General Asthar and his protegee Therius when Syrenne picks a fight with Therius. After Calista explains to Zael in private that hers is an arranged marriage, Lazulis is attacked by the Gurak, a race once banished from Lazulis by humans and now united under their ruler Zangurak. To avoid being killed by the ensuing cannon fire, Zael, Dagran, and Calista stow away on a Gurak ship and eventually take it over. The group are returned to Lazulis by the island's knights. On Lazulis, the mercenaries are accused of aiding the Gurak by Jirall, who is trying to cover up his cowardly behavior during the Gurak attack by having anyone who witnessed it imprisoned. Dagran persuades Arganan to release them after showing him Zael's mark, which is revealed to be a mystical "Mark of the Outsider" destined to save Lazulis from disaster.
Arganan attempts to get Zael onto his side, offering him knighthood and Calista's hand in marriage. Zael swears allegiance to Arganan, who orders Zael to direct Lazulis towards the Gurak lands. During this time, Asthar accepts Zael as a new pupil and gives him a medal following a successful sparring. Shortly after this, Gurak assassins attack. Asthar is killed, telling Zael the medal is a key before dying. Zael is accused of Asthar's murder by Jirall and imprisoned. Calista frees him. Dagran suggests Jirall is likely the real killer, and prompts Zael to search Jirall's room, where he finds the murder weapon and a letter revealing dealings with the Gurak. Jirall is imprisoned, freeing Calista to be betrothed to Zael. When Zael's suspicions are later aroused, Dagran admits to him that he framed Jirall in order to ensure Zael's liberty. Lazulis arrives in Gurak lands and takes their keep with minimal resistance. Zael learns there that the Gurak are suffering the same degradation of the land as humans are, which motivated their invasion. Zael's brand reacts with Calista's blood and Asthar's medal to reveal a secret location on Lazulis. Joined by Therius, they enter and meet a Sorceress, who reveals that the "Outsider" is an extraterrestrial being that absorbs energy. At the bidding of her lover, Arganan's ancestor, she summoned the Outsider to the planet in an attempt to end conflict. After realizing that it was destroying the land in order to collect its energy, they split it into two halves in order to slow the land's death. If the two halves, now respectively controlled by humans and the Gurak, are reunited and released, the land's decay will halt and the motive for the war will no longer exist.
Realizing Arganan must have known of this, Zael refuses his knighthood and sets out with Calista to destroy Lazulis' cannon, which is powered by Lazulis' half of the Outsider. However, when the Gurak attack Lazulis they decide to instead help Arganan use the cannon to drive off the attack. The cannon's fire proves insufficient, and Arganan is mysteriously killed by its power. The Gurak overrun Lazulis. Calista and the mercenaries head out to retrieve Zangurak's half of the Outsider, only to find its power has already been taken. Once they remove it, the Gurak fortress starts to crumble, knocking Zael and Calista into the ocean. They are rescued by Gurak ships. On board is Jirall, who has been given a cursed sword by Zangurak for him to kill Zael. Realizing the sword is affecting Jirall's mind, Zael tries to save Jirall by disarming him, but the cursed sword moves unaided and kills Jirall. Meanwhile, the Gurak take Calista to Zangurak.
The mercenaries pursue Zangurak to Lazulis Island. Lowell is fatally injured by a Gurak warrior. Zael finds Calista with Zangurak, who has used her Arganan blood and the Gurak half of the Outsider to anoint his right arm. After the group defeats Zangurak, he rips off his right arm and sends it to use the full power of the Outsider to revive him. However, Dagran kills Zangurak's arm so he can use the Arganan blood and Outsider half on it for himself. He reveals that he murdered Asthar because he learned that Asthar had commanded the Lazulis knights who killed his family. He has been collaborating with Zangurak with the ultimate goal of using the Outsider to remake the world so the mercenaries have a better life. Finding he is still not powerful enough to defeat the group, Dagran tries to absorb the Lazulis half of the Outsider into the center of his body, giving Zael an opening to kill him. Dagran reconciles with the group before dying, then his spirit uses the Outsider's energy to resurrect Lowell. Zael and Calista reunite the two halves of the Outsider, which leaves the planet after explaining that its true purpose is to collect scattered energy in outer space and use it to create life on new worlds. Humans and Gurak begin coexisting, sharing their technology and using Lazulis as a neutral land where the two races freely interact. Therius decides to train new knights in the empire while leaving Lazulis in Zael's care, Zael and Calista are married in her ancient family home, the mercenaries hold a funeral for Dagran, and Zael is finally made a knight by Calista.
 at the 2006 Tokyo Game Show.
The initial concepts for The Last Story came to Hironobu Sakaguchi after his departure from Square (now Square Enix) in 2003. After a period working on games at his new studio Mistwalker, Sakaguchi realized that his style of game were not in tune with current gaming trends. Later, he elaborated that The Last Story was primarily born from reflecting on the design mistakes he made during the development of Blue Dragon (2006) and Lost Odyssey (2007): while they tried to innovate with the story, they kept the gameplay very traditional. Sakaguchi drew up a design document for the game, and around that time met up with Takuya Matsumoto, a designer from AQ Interactive who had worked with Sakaguchi on Blue Dragon. They both realized that they held the same views on what was holding their games back in the current market, and decided to collaborate on the game with the goal of creating something new. In an interview with IGN, Sakaguchi said that development took three years: the first year was devoted to a trial-and-error development process devoted to the battle system. A longer development time of four years was reported by Matsumoto in a different interview with Gamasutra. According to Matsumoto, the team leads went to the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) each year and were assured that their game was in-step with current gameplay trends. Production of The Last Story was a collaboration between Mistwalker, AQ Interactive and Nintendo, and was Sakaguchi's first work as a director since Final Fantasy V (1992). The game was going through its final development stages by April 2010, and according to Sakaguchi was "complete" by December that year.
Although Sakaguchi's previous RPGs from Mistwalker had been released for the Xbox 360, The Last Story was created for the Wii. According to Sakaguchi, this was because Nintendo's Shinji Hatano shared their vision of a role-playing game that did not follow genre conversions, and so Sakaguchi accepted his offer of collaboration. After being contacted regarding both The Last Story and fellow Wii ARPG Xenoblade Chronicles, Hatano said that the games should be made for a wide audience and using a "romanticist approach". When explaining why The Last Story was exclusive to the Wii, Sakaguchi said that it was because a large proportion of the late development staff, including the testers, came from Nintendo. In a later interview, he said that working with the Wii, which did not use high-definition graphics, presented challenges as some of his ideas could not be implemented due to technical restrictions. Despite this, the team aimed to create a game that would look good when compared to games on high-definition consoles. Matsumoto stated that Nintendo had a strong influence on the game, which did not always sit well with him despite their suggestions ultimately improving the game. He also stated that Nintendo's creative and development aid in fine-tuning the game was the reason for its extended development.
The basic story was conceived by Sakaguchi and Matsumoto, while the script was written by Sakaguchi, Masaru Hatano and Takatoshi Aoki. The story was contributed to by multiple staff members, which sometimes annoyed Sakaguchi when they suggested something that would be out of character for one of the cast. According to Sakaguchi, the initial version featuring a science fiction storyline was "shot down" by Nintendo, forcing the team to begin all over again with a new setting and characters. Despite the story still using science fiction elements, the team worked to distance the setting from those elements by focusing on bright, natural colors for the environments. The biographies of the main cast were put together during the story's creation. Originally, according to Hatano, the game's theme was to have been the "all-important drama that takes place between a man and a woman", but as development progressed it was changed to a theme of general companionship, although the original story remained the same. Hatano suggested incorporating dialogue into the gameplay rather than restricting it to cutscenes. This approach was inspired by both Uncharted and television series The West Wing. The concept was initially put forward as a joke about Zael's habit of kicking doors open, and how his companions would comment on how he always did this. After receiving positive feedback, they implemented it and kept in Zael's behavior. Sakaguchi used this in-game dialogue to help convey the characters' personalities: as part of this, adlibs from the actors were included, and continual adjustments were made to the script. The characters' artwork also prompted Sakaguchi to make changes so the characters better fitted their presentation. The game's voiced dialogue was estimated at 12,000 lines. The option for players to skip through dialogue was a feature that Sakaguchi did not like, but he knew that some players would not like necessary long cutscenes, so gave them the option of going through them while still following the story. This meant that all the cutscenes needed to be done using the in-game engine rather than pre-rendered graphics.
The characters were designed by Kimihiko Fujisaka. Fujisaka, who was acquainted with Sakaguchi, was brought on board the project at the beginning. At that point, only a simple plot outline had been created, and Sakaguchi showed this to Fujisaka and asked what he visualized from it. Due to this, Fujisaka had a lot of leeway in his designs. Due to Sakaguchi living in Hawaii while the game was being developed, Fujisaka was initially nervous about working with him on the project, but ultimately he found their working relationship to be a positive one. An aspect that worried Fujisaka during the early stages was the decision to have the characters able to change their clothing: their original appearances had been designed in relation to their lines, and while designing extra outfits proved difficult, he ultimately enjoyed the experience. Fujisaka also worked as a world designer, initially feeling restricted by the console's limited graphics. According to Fujisaka, the city hub began taking shape in 2009, relatively early in development. The world design he initially created was fairly bleak, but after Nintendo insisted on the scenario being changed, he redesigned it around a brighter fantasy aesthetic.
Developing the gameplay began at the start of development, with a test environment being built to develop and refine the basics of the battle system. Work within the test build spanned approximately one and a half years. While creating the battle system, the staff decided that the key words should be "order" and "chaos": whoever gained order on the battlefield would be the victor. One of the concepts that emerged from this was Gathering, Zael's ability to direct all enemies' attention towards him. At first, Gathering ended up generating an unwanted amount of chaos on the battlefield, and this resulted in the trial-and-error period for it running on for a long time. The biggest challenge, once the concept had been finalized, was adjusting its effectiveness on the battlefield depending on the situation and enemy types. A concept that did not make it into the final game was "Replay": after an enemy successfully cast a spell, players could rewatch the last few seconds of battle from an overhead view to see what type it was and take that into their strategy. This slowed the pace of combat down too much, so the concept was entirely removed. Hangovers of it include the ability to freeze time during certain actions, and the overhead perspective when commanding party members The cover system was designed around the limitations of the camera control born from the Wii Remote's control scheme.
Matsumoto was responsible for the level design. While preparing destructible elements within the environment, the staff took care that they could be easily recognized by the player. So as to create a more direct experience than other Japanese RPGs, the camera view was deliberately restricted around Zael, so the player would be kept within his point of view. A difficult part of development was balancing story and gameplay, which sometimes caused clashes between Sakaguchi and Matsumoto, as Matsumoto would upset the balance and necessitate Sakaguchi re-balancing it. The battle system and AI was refined by what Matsumoto described as "chaotic battles royal between over 20 people wielding swords, magic and guns or ally command systems". The ability to fire projectiles had a big impact on the battle system's design. This concept was a hangover from the game's origins as a science fiction story. For the multiplayer, Sakaguchi avoided the potential for players to be rude to one-another by restricting their dialogue to segments from the single-player campaign. This was possible given the large amount of ambient dialogue in the game.
The game's music was composed by Nobuo Uematsu, a long-time collaborator with Sakaguchi who had worked on the Final Fantasy series, Blue Dragon and Lost Odyssey. Uematsu initially had a rough time: the first three pieces of music he sent were rejected, and then Uematsu did not respond for some time. Sakaguchi worried that Uematsu might quit the project altogether. In fact, Uematsu realized Sakaguchi's wishes for the title and had to rethink his approach entirely. With the second submission, Uematsu stated that he might leave if his music still did not fit, but it did and he remained as composer. In contrast to the majority of his earlier works, which made heavy use of purely melodic pieces and "jogging music", Uematsu concentrated on a mixture between video game and film music to emphasize emotion and ambient sounds. He also worked to avoid creating signature jingles and fanfares. The most difficult pieces for him were battle tracks: the main battle theme was seven minutes long, but broken into small pieces that varied depending on situations and could be cued in depending on what was happening on the battlefield. The game's theme song, , was composed by Uematsu with lyrics by Sakaguchi. Its lyrics are about the world someone is in not being where they are meant to be, with the phrase "going home" being used progressively through the song. According to Sakaguchi, the theme was quite personal for him, and also displays the "foreignness" of the game.
Sakaguchi revealed that he was working on a new game in July 2009. Initially targeted for a reveal that year, this was delayed for unknown reasons into 2010. The game was announced by Nintendo in January 2010, alongside its platform and logo. It was released on January 27, 2011. Despite prompting interest from genre fans in the west since its official announcement, shortly before its Japanese release, Nintendo announced that The Last Story would remain exclusive to Japan. Nintendo explained that the effort involved in bringing The Last Story overseas would be too much work on top of other important releases such as Kirby's Epic Yarn and titles for the Nintendo 3DS. Despite this, Nintendo stated that there was a strong possibility of it releasing in the United Kingdom due to its growing RPG market. It was officially announced for Europe in June 2011. The European localization was handled by Nintendo of Europe, using the same team that had done Xenoblade Chronicles. British voice actors were used for the dubbing, making use of various accents for the different characters. Some of the original programmers helped with the implementation of the localization, and it underwent unspecified adjustments. The game released in Europe on February 24, 2012. It received a limited edition, featuring a CD with seven music tracks and an artbook. It was also released in Australia on February 23.
After a continued lack of confirmation of a North American release, including it not being included in Nintendo's 2011 release schedule, a fan-based movement called Operation Rainfall started a campaign to raise awareness for The Last Story, Xenoblade Chronicles, and another Wii RPG titled Pandora's Tower. This campaign included letter writing to Nintendo and petitions for its overseas release. Despite acknowledging the effort, Nintendo stated that there were no plans for a North American release. Matsumoto was severely disappointed by this decision and thought The Last Story would never make it to North America. At this point, Xseed Games, who had developed a reputation for publishing niche Japanese games, took an interest in publishing the title. Initially approaching Nintendo in 2011, Nintendo confirmed that they had no plans to publish the title themselves. After playing through a Japanese copy of the game, and the staff were favorably impressed and decided to pitch to Nintendo for the game's North American publishing rights. They were helped by the connections between parent company AQ Interactive and Mistwalker. Xseed Games were the first publisher to ask Nintendo about The Last Story, and after being favorably impressed by their proposal, Nintendo granted Xseed Games publishing rights. While a new localization for North America was considered, it was decided to use Nintendo of Europe's localization as it better fitted the game's atmosphere and aesthetic. It officially released in North America on August 14, but problems with stock caused Amazon and GameStop to put orders on hold and push their release dates forward.
The story received mixed to positive reactions from critics. While they did not comment much on the story, Famitsu called The Last Story "very classical RPG". Eurogamer's Martin Robinson found the characters the most appealing part of the game, an opinion shared by Francesco Dagostino of 1UP.com, who particularly cited Syrenne's portrayal. GameSpot's Mark Walton shared this opinion while also praising the story's epic scale. IGN's Keza MacDonald said that it presented a good story and characters within familiar themes and settings. Edge Magazine found the story fairly traditional despite a strong cast and emotional power, while Matthew Castle of Computer and Video Games praised the effort made to flesh out the party members in side-missions despite referring to the main narrative as "tedious". GameTrailers, while noting the familiar plotlines the game explored, said that The Last Story handled its plot better than others of its kind, praising its character development. Game Informer's Joe Juba was fairly critical, finding the story overly predictable and the characters shallow. Jason Wishnov of G4 (U.S. TV channel)|G4 was also critical of the characters and plot, calling the former "one-note" despite convincing camaraderie and well-written in-game dialogue, and the latter impeded by problems with formulaic writing despite some late-game twists. Simon Parkin, writing for Official Nintendo Magazine, found the characters likable despite a predictable story; Nintendo Power shared points of praise with other reviewers, in addition to praising Zael and Calista's romance, saying that it held the game together during some mid-game stumbles. RPGamer's Alex Fuller said that the story was great despite it using well-worn cliches. Multiple critics gave high praise to the British-voiced localization.
The gameplay was generally well received. Famitsu praised the battle system, saying that it was friendly towards casual gamers. MacDonald likewise praised the battle system as "one of the best combat systems I've played with in any RPG, Japanese or otherwise". Walton found the battle system fun and enjoyed the amount of side quests, while Dagostino was highly positive about the game's successful efforts in moving away from genre tradition. Juba enjoyed the multiplayer and praised the game for moving away from the genre's traditional battle systems despite faults with their overall implementation, while Robinson found the gameplay suffered from the design goals that had fueled its creation. Castle was positive about the variety of gameplay and tactical elements despite some stiff combat mechanics, but noted the inability to alter difficulty being a point against the game. Wishnov praised the fast pace and variety of the combat, but found that more cumbersome RPG elements and a lack of overall control negatively impacted the experience. GameTrailers generally praised about the way gameplay and combat was handled despite some "clunky" moments, but was less positive the multiplayer option's balance and variety. Edge, while noting multiple core similarities with other games within the genre, found that other elements came together to make it a more fast-paced cinematic experience than other traditional RPGs; Fuller enjoyed the battle system, but thought that it lacked challenge and had difficulties with the camera. Parkin was generally positive about combat, particularly about the blending and gradual growth of character abilities, while Nintendo Power called the battle system "satisfying" and the multiplayer "surprisingly worthwhile". Multiple reviewers commented on the game's linear structure, with opinions ranging from indifferent to negative.
Opinions on the game's visual style varied. Walton called the game's visuals "some of the best ever seen on the Wii", which was echoed to a degree by MacDonald. Castle was generally positive about the game's aesthetics, citing the water effects as particularly good. Edge was fairly mixed, saying that well-done environmental effects or the world-building through character banter were spoiled by low-quality textures and stilted character animations. Juba praised the character models, but found environments to be "ugly and muddy in comparison"; Fuller, while not actively criticizing them, said that players used to high-definition consoles would be disappointed. GameTrailers found the amount of detail put into environments "remarkable" for the Wii hardware despite a lack of scale, while Parkin found the visuals generally unimpressive despite a few stand-out moments. Nintendo Power said that the graphics gave the game's setting an "authentic" appearance despite some low-resolution textures, while Eurogamer praised them for their "sepia tone". Frame rate drops during moments of high activity were generally noted by reviewers. Uematsu's incidental scoring also received praise from multiple critics.
Upon its release, the game received critical acclaim, earning an aggregate score of 80/100 on Metacritic based on 61 critic reviews. It was cited by GamesRadar and Forbes as one of the best games of the year. Similarly, 1UP.com named it as one of the top ten best RPGs on the Wii. In addition it was nominated for "Best Wii/Wii U Game" at the 2012 Spike Video Game Awards, and "RPG of the Year" in GameSpot's RPG of the Year award category. In IGN's "Best of 2012" awards, it was awarded as "Best Wii U/Wii Sound".
 was produced by Tsuburaya Productions, Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting (CBC), and Dentsu. It was the 20th entry in the Ultra Series. The series aired on Tokyo Broadcasting System, including TBS, CBC, MBS, etc. The show ran from October 2, 2004 until June 25, 2005, with a total of 37 broadcast episodes. Subsequent DVD releases from Bandai Visual saw a brand new 45-minute Episode EX and an extended 45-minute Director's Cut of Episode 29.
On April 24, 2017, Toku announced that the series will be broadcast in the United States on its channel beginning May 9, 2017 until June 2, 2017.
Learning from the failure of the previous series, Ultraman Cosmos whose story is too childish so disliked teenagers upwards, Ultraman Nexus made with the concept of the story for mature audiences. This can be seen from the story out of the grip, that the person who can turn into Ultraman is not a person who joins the combat troops that always exist in each series, but the third person. Elements of drama and spice of love here and there between some of the characters are also given. Additionally, the mystery presented too complicated.
Ultraman Nexus was part of Tsuburaya Productions' Ultra N Project, an experiment in 2004 to re-invent Ultraman for a new generation of fans. Prior to this, however, Tsuburaya had begun a project called Ultra Collaboration 2 at the end of 2003, which involved a brand new radio-adaptation of Ultra Q called The Ultra Q Club. The project was also due to include a new TV series called Ultraman Noa in early 2004, which is presumably what Ultraman Nexus evolved into. Following the success of the new radio show, Tsuburaya forged ahead with a brand new season, Ultra Q: Dark Fantasy on April 6, 2004, a show which attracted top-rung directors such as Shusuke Kaneko (popular with fans for his work on the Gamera series and Godzilla, Mothra and King Ghidorah: Giant Monsters All-Out Attack).
The first stage of the Ultra N Project was entitled Noa: Nostalgia. The project mascot, Ultraman Noa, was a rather radical change design - an all-silver Ultraman with protruding wings on its back. Ultraman Noa was mainly used for live stage shows and merchandising. The second stage of the project was Next: Evolution. This saw the creation of a new theatrical film, ULTRAMAN. The final stage was Nexus: Trinity - the piece that ties the entire project together. Unlike the previous series Ultraman Cosmos, which was strictly aimed at young children, Ultraman Nexus was the first Ultraman TV series specifically aimed at adults. The show abandons the traditional monster-of-the-week stories in order to be replaced with longer character-based story arcs. Tsuburaya Productions had intended the show to be run during prime time, but the CBC network gave the show a 7:30 AM Saturday morning slot once Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon (live-action series)|Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon ended its 49-episode run. The TV series received weak ratings which were attributed to the change in style and not being able to have the target demographic tune in, resulting in the series being cut short from around 50 episodes down to 37.
Three months after its initial run, it was re-run in a new time slot. This time the show aired at 2:30 AM on Tuesday mornings and the ratings met the expectations that were set for the Ultra N Project. Following the ULTRAMAN movie, Tsuburaya ran a teaser trailer for Ultraman 2 Requiem. Due to the performance of Ultraman Nexus the film was canceled, and Tsuburaya moved ahead with a theatrical version of the then-current television series, Ultraman Mebius.
Knowing that the Ultra N Project was intended to reboot the Ultra Series, it is worth noting that this is the third modern adaptation of Eiji Tsuburaya's Ultraman, with Ultraman Neos the second and Ultraman: The Ultimate Hero the first.
The TLT is a covert international anti-monster unit established secretly to combat Space Beasts, mysterious monsters that are out to attack humans in the year 2009. One of the TLT's new recruits, Komon Kazuki, is attacked by one of them prior to reporting for duty. However, he is saved by a silver giant that he names "Ultraman". What no one knows is that the silver giant is an Ultraman-to be precise, Ultraman Nexus, ready to fight the Space Beasts to save the Earth.
In contrast to all other Ultraman series story in a stand-alone episode, editors feel somewhat difficult to summarize the story Ultraman Nexus because in each episode there are important points that flows right into the next episode.
Kazuki Komon has just overtaken the work of the SAR team when recruited into the TLT. He just knew that during this time the earth is often attacked by SB, even the existence of SB and the existence of TLT itself is very secret. On the way, he found the bus parked empty. Passengers disappeared because of SB, Komon was almost killed if only a silver giant did not help him. Komon was amazed. Meanwhile, Nagi Saijyou from the NR team in charge of eradicating SB in a tunnel meets the figure of a mysterious man. He thought it was just his faulty eyesight but he turned out to meet the man again when he came face-to-face with SB one afternoon.
Komon himself trained to be a formidable NR agent under Shiori Hiraki's help until finally he went on a mission. Before NR succeeded in destroying the giant SB, came the giant who first confronted him. The giant is the giant who helped Komon yesterday, so Komon thinks the giant is on their side. But NR argues otherwise, they shoot the giant who later named Ultraman it. SB has not been defeated while Ultraman was wounded and disappeared, and NR took the initiative to find them. Nagi and Komon who are in charge of searching Ultraman while others are looking for SB. Nagi and Komon find the man with the same wound as Ultraman. The same man who always looked. Nagi intends to kill the man but the man calls a UFO and can run away. Previously, Komon had touched the UFO. When he was stunned, he saw the man's past. He saw the mood of the battlefield, a girl called out a name and when she met the man she called, the girl was killed when she intended to approach him.
Nagi lies to Captain Eisuke Wakura that he meets Ultraman in a human figure, while Komon searches for his identity on the internet and finds the same photographs and names in his memory, his photographer named Jun Himeya. Komon went to the newspaper office that contains the photo Himeya was no longer working there but he met someone who knew Himeya named Megumi Sakuta. Himeya's pathetic past is told by Sakuta. Himeya lost a girl named Sera. The Komon is increasingly convinced that Himeya is not a bad person as Nagi thinks, but still they continue to disagree. On the other hand, Himeya comes Jizou Negoro, a long-time friend of a journalist, who insists on bringing Himeya to work again and investigate. His investigation led him to engage with the TLT and make him pursued by the MP.
Also told that Komon has a lover named Riko Saida, they often dating at the zoo. Komon often miss Riko while working especially if he's been disagreeing with Nagi. The NR team again has to deal with SB this time at a factory, Himeya also catches up with them but instead sees Ultraman who claims to be a shadow of himself, and introduces himself as Faust. Himeya changed as Nexus and fight Faust but Faust disappeared and said just test it. At the same time, the NRs with their own powers are able to finish off a giant SB. Faust increasingly appeared, and Riko began to feel something strange with his body. Komon was surprised to see that one day Riko was wounded in the woods and carried Nagi's relics. In addition, the figure of the person who claimed to be the cruel game maker also appeared. He was named Mizorogi Shinya. Komon wondered why his colleagues at NR reacted strangely to the name, especially Nagi.
MP intends to erase Riko's memory for allegedly seeing the SB, but Riko disappears from the hospital. I am Shuto who is looking for him to find the shocking fact that Riko's family including the list of victims killed by SB. Meanwhile, Komon who worries about Riko goes to his apartment and is surprised to see Riko's room full of horrible pictures, he also meets Faust and again pinned Himeya. For the first time Komon sees Himeya changing. Apparently Riko was the dunamist of Faust, and he was resurrected by Mizorogi. Komon accidentally entered in darkfield, and he who can not stand to see Nexus lose shot Faust. Mizorogi had told SB to kill Komon but Faust was injured protecting him. Riko died in Komon's arms. Komon was then shocked and used by Mizorogi to control his weak heart. Nagi also influenced Komon to hate SB who killed Riko to make him stronger. Himeya then recounts her bitter past experiences and how she got the power of light to help the Komon rise from the sadness. Unable to bear with all that, Komon decided to better erase his memory. He was saved Negoro when the MP met him, Negoro who originally intended to extract info about Himeya and the TLT even helped Komon realize that it is wrong. Again Mizorogi appears and creates Riko in Komon's mind. At that precarious moment, Himeya came back and fought with the Mizorogi who turned into Dark Mephisto. Komon did not become captivated by darkness. He who remembers Himeya's advice has finally decided to continue fighting for the likes of Riko.
The Komon survived the Mizorogi, but Nagi did not return to the base. Komon also had the opportunity to ask Captain Wakura about the relationship between Nagi and Mizorogi. Formerly, Mizorogi was vice-captain of the NR. Nagi greatly idolizes the most famous Mizorogi in NR in order to learn from him how to defeat SB. Mizorogi also teaches a variety of special intensive exercises only two, in line with the growing feelings of love between the two. Nagi who hates SB is of course felt betrayed to see the person he loved then side with the darkness (SB). Apparently at the same time, Mizorogi is planning to invite Nagi to his side. Komon and Captain Wakura thankfully not too late, so did Himeya. This is the first time Captain Wakura knows Himeya is Ultraman. Mizorogi called SB to fight Nexus. Nagi who consciously shot Mizorogi and darkfield disappeared.
Himeya who was injured then again must immediately fight with the SB that appears in the mountains. Nagi, Captain Wakura, and Komon directly join Shiori and Ishibori who are already alerted there. This time the opposed SB has the ability to disappear, it takes 3 episodes to defeat him. Her unconscious Himeya was rescued by Horokusa and two friends who happened to be busy photographing nearby. Horokusa who is still an amateur photographer recognizes and idolizes Himeya. When SB rages back, he thought Himeya fainted while taking a picture. Horokusa took the initiative to replace him, he managed to take a lot of pictures but killed SB eaten in front of his friends. When the morning before and Nexus managed to defeat SB tsb, Negoro who is looking for Himeya take Horokusa camera from his friend. Himeya who listened to their conversation realized that Horokusa's actions were like him when he wanted to capture the moment of war, but he had forgotten the reason because his guilt over Sera's death was too great. While Negoro publishes it in newspapers and meets with UFO fan clubs that help him hide from the pursuit of MP, Himeya is severely wounded by the TLT under orders Yoichiru Matsunaga.
Himeya's body was taken to the experimental room just like Komon used to undergo a medical test. Yoichiru intends to find out the origin of Ultraman's power and how to get it to strengthen the TLT weapon. Himeya's heart had stopped beating before Yu knew how to revive it. At that moment, Himeya runs away and meets Komon in the hallway. Yu warns Himeya that if he continues to fight in that condition, he will be killed. Himeya ignores Yu's warnings and makes Komon anxious. Himeya herself ran away until she met Sakuta in a park where they usually met. On the other hand, the Mizorogis again do evil deeds. He intends to open a portal of darkness that connects the Land of Death with the earth to bring more SB, but it takes the energy of light belonging to Nexus to be changed in the dark energy in a ritual. Seeing Sakuta who is very concerned about Himeya, Mizorogi keeps Himeya from Sakuta by summoning SB and when Himeya goes that he kidnaps Sakuta.
NR is not left behind, with information from Yu and analysis from Ishibori, they find the point where the portal will be opened. In fact, Negoro with his journalist instincts also headed there. He almost killed SB if Himeya did not help him. Himeya who realizes his body is on the verge of border does not want to see again to see the people closest to him, like Sakuta and Negoro, were killed. He also took the risk and it's true he was not strong again facing the SB that Mizorogi prepared in the land of death. As Strike Chester arrives, NR sees the helpless Nexus crucified on a rock where the death ritual will begin. They also face SB, and with a new weapon named Ultimate Vanisher obtained from the experimental results of Himeya's body, NR was able to destroy the SB page. However, they were unable to fight the Mizorogi any more because he held Sakuta hostage. Himeya who met Sera in her unconscious made her able to rise. However, he again became a monster of Mephisto. Yu ordered the Komon to shoot right at the Nexus energy core with the light that once turned Himeya back on. Although initially hesitant, Komon did so. Nexus is now able to keep up with Mephisto. Seeing Mephisto difficult to conquer, Nexus launched a suicide attack and exploded together. All who see it can only startled. Komon cried, could not believe his friend was gone. Himeya pops up briefly as a ghost in front of Komon and leaves a message that keeps her always ringing in her head. The message is "Hikari wa Kizuna ...".
After the big battle, NR was interrogated one by one by the highest TLT-Japan board on Ultraman and Himeya Jun's identity and the reason they always helped him. While continuing to try to interpret Himeya's message, Komon and his friends fight back against SB. Turns out Ultimate Vanisher can not be used anymore. Yu tells Yuichiro if it's because someone has just hacked their database and deleted the Himeya file. NR is overwhelmed with surprise by the appearance of the blue Nexus. Yu tells them that it's no longer Himeya.
Ren Senjyu is a hyperactive young man who works part-time in a playground. Cheerful, familiar with small children, and very smart. He has the ability of supernatural ability and able to see the incident overnight just by touching the asphalt, saw the action of MP who was currently erasing the memory of people, exactly the actions of agents Mizuo Nonomiya. Mizuo himself was ordered to spy on Ren by Yoichiro, but they fell in love. Meanwhile, Ren realizes that all this time he was always photographed by strangers.
Ren meets with Ultraman as soon as Himeya dies, and appears surprisingly in front of Komon and his friends. While protecting Chester, Nexus was injured on the right shoulder. Komon thinks Himeya is still alive and intends to look for him. He saw Ren running fast in the place of the fall of Ultraman. Komon follows him until he gets inside Ren's house. However, he was ambushed Ren because Komon suspected as the person who had been after him. Suddenly Ren fainted. When Komon sees the same wound as the Nexus, he realizes that Ren is the new Nexus dunamist. Komon also treats Ren's wound and asks permission not to work on Harisu, Ren's boss, by claiming to be his cousin. Komon and Ren became close. The curious Komon with Ren searches for his origin through the network at TLT and learns that Ren is the child of Prometheus Project (PP), the same as Illustrator. In addition, it turns out the Mizorogi managed to escape the dead living battle against Himeya in the Land of death. During this time he kept hidden and one day he rescued the little girl whose parents had been killed by him.
Behind the deep remorse, Mizorogi remembers that he is like a doll of even greater strength. He was the same as Riko. Mizorogi was arrested TLT, but before his body was researched like Himeya, he escaped with captivating Mizuo so MP was also chasing him, one of which is Misawa agent. Though held captive, Mizuo sympathizes with Mizorogi and wants to hear the boy's voice. When they meet Komon and Nagi who want to save him, he instead protects Mizorogi. However, Mizorogi's chest was shot by Misawa who was apparently capable of turning into Mephisto (Zwei). Mizorogi lost his power because his dunamist moved. Ren also appears because he is worried about Mizuo, but he is pressed by Mephisto. The mizorogi filled with his regretfulness who also did not want to die in vain as a criminal made him gain the power of light and changed once again into Mephisto this time to help the Nexus. Nexus succeeds in destroying Mephisto Zwei, a deeply wounded Mizorogi who died peacefully in Nagi's arms that finally forgave him. Before exhaling, he briefly informed Nagi that the person who actually controlled him (Unknown Hand) was inside the TLT but did not know who exactly.
Stories are progressing fast. Junis Blue's first appearance as a change in the new Nexus form was marked by a change of dunamist from Himeya to Ren, and followed by the emergence of new and increasingly powerful opponents. Ren trouble to make Metafield because there are other forces that turn it into darkfield and increase the strength of SB. Even the SB that was opposed was SB-SB which had been destroyed by Himeya and NR before. In addition, a large hole of darkness which was then given the code name Unknown Hand also heal the SB wound pinned by Chester and Nexus. In fact, even the fighting ultimately into the city where humans can watch it. The city was plagued by panic and the TLT had to work hard. Meanwhile, Unknown Hand infiltrated the secret area located at the base of the base. In the midst of such a precarious situation, an agent from TLT USA, Sara Mizuhara, was with his partner professor Kaimoto. From his talks with the highest council of TLT, revealed a secret five years ago in Shinjuku where the Ultraman fighting against the first SB and causing the death toll of 640 people. During this time, people's memory of the incident has been removed using Lethe, an extraterrestrial technology that fell 20 years ago in Colorado (the same meteor as UFO fan clubs told Negoro). People's memory is stored in the Sea of Forgetfulness stored in the forbidden area. Meanwhile, NR is curious about the arrival of Sara, assisted by computer-savvy Ishibori, discovered a secret file 5 years ago. They were also surprised because they themselves have never remembered the incident. Out of protest, Captain Wakura begged Sara to explain it. Sara went home to the United States, and Kaimoto stayed at TLT Japan to watch for Ren.
Ren's life is colorful, he always teases Mizuo, becomes a clown in the playground, plays with Komon during his free comon, and jokes with Ojiro, his fellow partimer. The four of them passed the dinner together invited by the day. In addition, with his ESP he was able to communicate with Yuu who was also a good college. Behind his cheerful nature, Ren did not have longevity. He was diagnosed with a kind of illness due to an impact that should not affect the children of PP and can only survive with a special drug called Raphael. Feeling confined by the academy rules that accommodate the children of PP, when he has not seen the outside world and his age is not long anymore, Ren also fled to Japan. That's what kept him watched by the TLT from the start. Until one day TLT finds out that Ren is a dunamist and after a grueling battle, just like Himeya, Ren is kidnapped will be scrutinized to make Ultimate Vanisher again. Mizuo tells Komon and Komon to immediately appeal to all his colleagues in NR to rescue Ren. They managed to escape with Ren after sabotaging the TLT. The battle became heavier, Ren's body quickly reached the limit of endurance. He who feels already on the verge of death, determined to spend the rest of his life by fighting as Ultraman. Komon then told Ren about the previous dunamist, he did not want Ren to suffer the same and died like Himeya. SB again attacked, this time is a combination of all the SB ever. At that time, Yuu is also worried about Ren's body condition through Komon's Pulse Breaker that Raphael has been imported by Prof. Kaimoto. However, Ren feels he can not waste time to go to the hospital first, he also greet Mizuo and fought all out. Ren wins but is dying, but survived by Raphael's drug intervention. The Light leaves Ren, Deunamist moved once again.
The story ends in episode 37, with the appearance of Dark Zagi ever mentioned by Mizorogi in the TLT. His Dunamist turned out to be Ishibori, his past being expressed here. In addition, it is not explained further why Nagi suddenly acquired the evoltruster. Then because his emotions were hooked by Ishibori who claimed to kill his parents and only made the Mizorogi as a tool, Nagi turned into Ultraman inside the weakened Lethe area so that his power was immediately absorbed by Ishibori to transform into Dark Zagi. Dark Zagi then rampaged in the city while chased by Captain Wakura alone with Chrome Chester, while his other men Shiori did not move after being shot Ishibori and Komon helped Nagi. Finally Komon takes over the dunamist, feels he has successfully interpreted Himeya's heritage words, and transforms into Ultraman Noa to defeat Zagi. This series leaves a hanging end because it turns out after Zagi die too SB is still emerging. But this time the TLT confronted them without any further buzz from the public, followed by a closing narrative of the Komon.
The  threat. Japan's TLT (TLT-J) branch is hidden under a hydroelectric dam found in the mountainous Kanto region (eastern Japan). The main teams of TLT are the Night Raiders, Memory Police (who erase the memories of civilians involved in any Night Raider missions or witnessing any Space Beast attacks) and White Sweeper, who are involved in clean-up.
 is the elite defense team united under TLT. The team responsible in eliminating Space Beasts.
.
The first Dunamist, First Lieutenant Shunichi Maki of the Japanese Air Force, can be seen in Ultraman theatrical feature and is mentioned a few times during the series run by both Matsunaga and Sara Mizuhara.
:The fourth Dunamist, see above and below sections for information.
:The fifth and last Dunamist, see above and below sections for information.
;Opening themes
;Ending themes
A video game based on the series was produced by Bandai for the PlayStation 2, under the name Ultraman Nexus.
 is a 2004 Japanese horror film directed by Masayuki Ochiai. The film is about a run-down hospital where a doctor's mistake unwittingly creates horrific consequences for the staff at the hospital. The film was adapted from Ochiai's earlier screenplay from Tales of the Unusual. On its release, the film was part of the six-volume J-Horror Theater series.
On the films release in Japan, it was the second highest gross film at the weekend box office, only being beaten by the film I, Robot (film)|I Robot.
At a run down, understaffed hospital, Dr. Akiba refuses to admit a patient with a strange black rash and is alerted to a serious crisis in Room 3 where a burn victim has died, having apparently been given the wrong drug. Akiba, another doctor, and four nurses decide to cover up the cause of death and move the body to an unused room. Akiba then discovers that the patient he refused to admit has been left in the hallway. Doctor Akai decides to study his symptoms: though he is still alive, his body mass is liquefying into green goo. Not knowing how much Akai knows about the events in Room 3, Akiba and the others reluctantly agree to help with the examination but when they return to the patient's room, they find he has vanished and the head nurse has been knocked unconscious.
The doctors find that they are risk of infection, when the head nurse begins to bleed green goo from both her ears and eyes. The doctors put her on a bed and cover her with plastic in an attempt to limit the infection's spread. 
Soon after, the mean nurse finds the young nurse drawing blood on herself. Their conversation goes awry, when the young nurse lets out a manic laugh and plunges two needles into her body, splattering the nurse with green goo.
While speaking with a patient he killed earlier, Uozumi is overcome with guilt and starts crying. Akiba walks in, but finds Uozumi alone. His eyes turn white and green goo starts seeping from him. Akiba panics and turns to find a nurse, now infected and covered in green goo, smiling and hanging upside down from the ceiling. After finding the nurse giving her own blood to the dead burn patient and running into the infected head nurse, Akiba flees the room.
Akiba confronts Akai and accuses him of creating and spreading the virus. Akai denies this and explains that the infection is actually spread mentally, infecting the subconscious of its victims. He then urges Akiba to remember what really happened in Room 3 earlier in the night. Dr. Nakazono walks in to find Akiba talking to himself, forcing him to realize that he's been speaking with his reflection. He looks around and sees the corpses of the two nurses who are dead and covered in blood with no green goo in sight. Soon, Dr. Nakazono realizes that the last few hours have all been a hallucination. Nakazono calls the police, as Akiba recalls the events in Room 3 and realizes that "Akai" was actually the burn patient. The same series of events is shown again, but with Akiba as the burn patient and Akai as Akiba, giving the order for the wrong drug, which massacres the entire staff.
The hospital is evacuated the next morning as all of the staff, except Nakazono, are dead and the police is searching for Akiba who has disappeared. When Nakazono leaves the hospital, she sees all the red lights change to green and vice versa; panicking, she accidentally cuts her hand and green blood pours out. A shot of a locker is seen in the room where the burn victim was kept. Someone inside the locker is calling for help as green goo starts pouring out of it. The top of the locker opens and Akiba's hand covered in goo reaches out before falling to the floor.
 starred in the film as Dr. Akiba
The film was part of Taka Ichise's announcement from May 14, 2004 where he announced his help in the creation of Entertainment FARM, which was the first Japanese company to provide financial backing for films. The company operated like an investment firm, focusing exclusively on films.
Ochiai wrote the screenplay for Infection, which is an adaptation of one of his early scripts for a segment from Tales of the Unusual.
Infection was released theatrically in Japan on October 2, 2004 where it was distributed by Toho.
In the United States, the film was released directly to DVD by Lions Gate Films Home Entertainment on May 17, 2005.
The Japan Times stated that Infection will "look familiar to J Horror fans" and resembled an episodes of The X-Files without Scully and Mulder. The review concluded that the director "stresses Grand Guignol atmospherics more, rational-sounding explanations less. His hospital breathes with a menace, madness and despair so pervasive that only a huge, obliterating explosion could bring escape -- in this life, at least."
 is a 2007 Japanese horror film, directed by Hideo Nakata, of two young people who fall in love, but are haunted by the ghost of a murdered moneylender who seeks revenge, which leaves a lasting effect on the couple.
Oshiga (Kuroki) and Osono are sisters whose father was killed by Shinzaemon, Shinkichi's samurai father, due to a debt dispute. Upon his death, Oshiga and Osono's father vowed revenge for his wrongful murder. His body is dumped in a mysterious lake that's believed to be cursed and haunted by a woman, who was wrongfully killed by her husband many years ago. Shortly after, Shinzaemon kills his wife and himself, leaving their baby, Shinkichi, orphaned and in care of his uncle.
Years later, Oshiga, now a respected teacher who runs a school for young girls in Edo, falls in love with a young tobacco vendor named Shinkichi (Kunoemon Oroe), who lives with his uncle. Shinkichi and Oshiga decide to live together as husband and wife, but Shinkichi begins flirting with the school's students, especially Oisa. Miserable and invidious, Oshiga becomes mean to the students, who leave one by one.
Oshiga quarrels with Osono, who doesn't approve Oshiga's relationship with Shinkichi, prompting her to run away. Shinkichi admonishes Oshiga and declares he wants to end their relationship. She pleads with him not to leave. During this quarrel, Shinkichi accidentally wounds his wife with her shamisen's bachi against her left brow. They reconcile, but Oshiga slowly falls ill from her wound. At a festival, Oshiga's former student Oisa meets Shinkichi, who is there to buy medicine for Oshiga, and they rent a hotel room. There he promises to run away with her. He then goes to his uncle's house to find that Oshiga is waiting for him and states that he can leave but asks him to promise to stay by her side when she dies.
Oshiga meanwhile dies and is given a proper burial. Shinkichi discovers in a letter, left by Oshiga, that warns if he remarries, she will haunt his new wife until the latter dies. He and Oisa elope and flee the city, but they lose their way in the rain. Oshiga's vengeful spirit terrorises the pair until she makes a frightful apparition to her husband. Out of fearful defense, he strikes her with a scythe and to his horror, he realises he's stuck it into Oisa's neck. He passes out on the road.
He wakes up in the house of a wealthy man. They discover Oisa's corpse, prompting Shinkichi to run away to Hanyo  where he encounters Osono, Oshiga's sister. Osono and Shinkichi mourn the death of Oshiga, and Osono soon finds her former brother-in-law a job. He gives her a small bell as a present. Soon, he's referred as the master of the house. The wealthy man and his wife want Shinkichi to marry their daughter Orui, Oisa's cousin. Shinkichi initially declines. After a blue snake attacks Orui, causing her against a fireplace and Shinkichi notices Orui's burn is in the same place as Oshiga's scar. He hastily agrees to marry Orui.
Shinkichi and Orui soon have a daughter, who's born unusually pale with a scar on her left brow. The child eventually displays strange characteristics, which troubles Shinkichi.
The title means 'ghost story'. The screenplay for the film was written by Satoko Okudera, based on the ghost story "Shinkei Kasanegafuchi" by Enchou Sanyutei.
The theme song of the film, called "Fated", was sung by Ayumi Hamasaki.
Two neurosurgeons, Etsuko Ota and her husband, Yukio, watch a 16mm documentary film of a secret experiment with Japanese, Manchu, and Russian subjects concerning the electrification of the temporal lobe of the brain, ending with the subjects projecting a blinding white light. Their children, Miyuki and Kaori, watch the film as well. Years later, a group consisting of Miyuki, Kazushi, Takumi and Rieko, conduct a mass suicide assisted by Etsuko's assistant, Hattori, though it is actually a masquerade for their initiation to a similar neurosurgery experiment conducted by Etsuko. Miyuki wakes up inside a facility to another of Etsuko's assistants, Hisae, who insists that she has died and is currently astral projecting, even presenting her with her corpse as proof. Miyuki and Rieko are later found to have escaped the facility unnoticed.
After having lost contact with her sister for six months, Kaori visits the hospital where Miyuki once worked and meets with Miyuki's fellow worker and lover, Motojima, who introduces her to Detective Hirasawa. Miyuki's laptop contains a suicide website that Miyuki might have used. Hirasawa questions a witness who saw a figure inside Miyuki's apartment after her disappearance. Kaori realizes that she has dreamed of being in Miyuki's apartment and seeing a white light nearby. Miyuki visits Kaori in a dream that night to tell her to stop looking for her and that she is "no longer her sister". Kaori is confronted by Etsuko and taken to the facility to learn about the experiment. Kazushi and Takumi have long since died, unable to contain the experiment. Witnessing how Miyuki has bended realities around her since the experiment, Etsuko conducts the experiment on herself and Kaori, revealing that she and Yukio have always wanted to know the "true" reality beyond the current one to achieve a spiritual evolution, and the film had provided them with the means to it. However, she stops the experiment just when Kaori sees a young Miyuki and herself staring at the white light, apparently because Kaori would have been consumed by it.
The next day, Kaori tells Motojima that her father committed suicide following a neurosurgery failure, while her mother is a skeptic of the afterlife, and believes that there is nothing after death. The two visit Kaori's childhood home and meet with an ethereal Miyuki. It is revealed that Motojima was the one who informed Miyuki of the suicide website and has been in league with Etsuko, who tracks the sisters and kills Hirasawa. All of them go back to the facility with Rieko, now pregnant despite being a virgin. Motojima reveals that Miyuki's corpse is actually a hologram meant to fool her and the other three subjects and she is still very much alive. Motojima shows the film to Kaori and Miyuki, with Etsuko explaining that the white light actually projects what the viewer is dreaming. Yukio wanted to further the spiritual evolution, so the light "followed" him back in reality until he could not take it anymore and killed himself. However, Rieko is suicidal and wants nothing more, so the light impregnated her with the "afterlife", i.e. nothing. Rieko gives birth to the "afterlife", who consumes Hattori and Motojima, while Etsuko is consumed when she experiments herself as well. At the forest, Kaori and Miyuki walk together until Kaori realizes that Miyuki had "died" long ago when she found that she could not fit herself with the world and runs away from her sister.
The film closes with an alive Hirasawa inspecting the bodies of Miyuki, Kazushi, Takumi, Rieko, and Hattori and Kaori lamenting of remains on the ground.
 is a 2005 Japanese horror film, directed by Takashi Shimizu. It centers on a hopeful actress who won a role in a film that takes her, the cast, and the crew to a hotel where the present soon collides with the past. 
It was released as a part of the six-volume J-Horror Theater.
A number of people see visions apparently dead people: a businessman finds one behind him in an elevator. A truck driver runs over one on the road only to be shocked when he investigates the body as the opening credits start.
Professor Norihasa Omori (Atsushi Haruta) visits a local hotel and films himself killing eleven of the hotel guests, employees, his own children before committing suicide, all as part of his wish to understand reincarnation. Since then, the footage of the murders disappears. Thirty-five years later, horror movie director Ikuo Matsumura (Kippei Shiina) decides to make a film about the massacre. As the date of the shoot draws near, Nagisa Sugiura (Yuka (actress)|Yuka), the actress who is set to star as Omori's daughter Chisato (Mao Sasaki), is haunted by the ghosts of the victims. She begins hallucinating and is plagued by nightmares of the killings. She discovers an old film camera which will later be revealed to be the same type the professor used.
Yayoi Kinoshita (Karina Nose) wakes up in the middle of a psychology class, in which the professor publicly opposes the ideas of reincarnation and cryptomnesia. She decides to write an essay supporting cryptomnesia and meets Yuka Morita (Marika Matsumoto), an actress who auditioned for Ikuo's movie. Yuka says she remembers things in a "past life" of hers and shows Yayoi a birthmark that would appear to be evidence of strangulation, which reveals that she has the same vision as Nagisa. Yayoi and Yuka check out the college library, but ghosts of the dead appear to drag Yuka up and away. Yayoi's research takes her to the only survivor of the attack: Ayumi Omori (Miki Sanjo), the professor's wife. She explains that while many thought he had lost his mind, he had become obsessed that the body is only a vessel.
During filming Nagisa begins to believe that she is the reincarnation of Chisato Omori as she seems to slip into another hallucination during filming. The director becomes the slain son of the professor. Meanwhile, Nagisa's agent reviews the film from the camera which consists of the film the professor took as he murdered his children and others at the hotel. As this film is played, Nagisa reenacts the events in her apparent hallucination. She discovers Yayoi in the cubby where the little girl was slain. Realizing that she is not the real reincarnation of Chisato, Nagisa witnesses the actors, including Yayoi and the director, and the two men seen before the opening credits, all transform into the people they portray in the places where they died. Yuka is revealed as a maid who was hung. With all the victims walking towards her, Nagisa escapes the hotel and runs down the road and into the town. Simultaneously, her agent sees the film of this escape from the professor. Ultimately, Nagisa finds herself cornered in a store. She grabs a piece of class to kill herself before the doll can come to her. She looks at her reflection in the glass and sees the face of the professor. At the same time, her agent watches the knife in the hand of the professor in his film reveal Nagisa's reflection before he cuts his own throat. Nagisa starts to reenact the professor's suicide but the doll reaches her and stops her in time to tell her that they will be together forever. 
A group of executives watch Nagisa's take. Among them is the professor's wife. Near the end of the take, Nagisa collapses shaking and screaming as crew members come to her aid. Notice by the professor's wife is her two children in the scene some distance away. She smiles with satisfaction. Sometime later, in a mental ward, Nagisa is bound in a full-body wrap and still haunted by the souls of Omori's children. The professor's wife looks at her from the window of her door then passes through the smaller aperture for food her children's favourite toys: a red ball and the doll. Nagisa screams as they are shoved into her solitary confinement cell as the professor's wife smile. Nagisa eventually calms down with a sinister smile on her face as the ghosts of the children close in on her.
The film was released as part of producer Takashige Ichise's J-Horror Theater series along with Infection, Premonition, and Retribution, among others.
Reincarnation premiered at the 18th Tokyo International Film Festival on October 27, 2005.  It was theatrically released in the United States as one of the eight films in the nationwide film festival After Dark Horrorfest, which ran November 17 through 21, 2006.
;Reviews:
 is a 2006 Japanese mystery film directed by Kiyoshi Kurosawa, starring Koji Yakusho, of a detective's investigation of serial murders that leads him to a mysterious woman in red who slowly draws him into the darkness.
Yoshioka, an experienced detective, investigates the murder of an unknown woman in a red dress. She was drowned on the Tokyo waterfront, but an autopsy reveals that her stomach is full of seawater. Moreover, all the clues he finds relate to himself: A button found at the murder scene matches one that is missing from his own coat, and fingerprints found match his own. Yoshioka realizes that the only viable suspect is himself; but he doesn't remember a thing. 
A ghost in a red dress soon starts appearing to him. As these apparitions become more intense and bizarre, similar murders occur with people killing loved ones for small infractions. All the perpetrators are found by Yoshioka as he searches for clues about the original murder. Eventually the drowned woman is identified. Yoshioka visits her parents, only to find she had a boyfriend who was extorting her parents, who happens to visit the house at the same time. He quickly confesses to the crime.
Yoshioka is visited by the ghost again who reveals that she is not the murdered woman, but a ghost of a woman whom he saw in the window of an asylum fifteen years ago who has died. All of the murderers took the ferry past the same asylum. Yoshioka sends his girlfriend away, afraid of what he might do to her. He goes to the asylum, where the woman in red agrees to forgive him for not helping her 15 years ago.  He goes home, only to discover that he murdered his girlfriend 6 months ago. Going insane, he tries to forget. He collects the bones, and goes to the asylum to pick up the ghost's bones. His partner arrives at his apartment and finds the empty bowl Yoshioka used to commit the murder. The ghost stalks him in the background. As an earthquake occurs, the bowl is now filled with water. The ghost suddenly appears above him and dives down dragging them both into the bowl. The film ends with Yoshioka walking in the street holding a bag containing his girlfriend's and the ghost's bones, with the ghost repeatedly saying: "I am dead. So please, I want everyone to die too".
The film was released as part of producer Takashige Ichise's J-Horror Theater series along with Infection, Premonition, and Reincarnation, among others.
Adam DiLeo of IGN gave Retribution a mixed review, saying that the films is worth seeing despite it is not on par with Kiyoshi Kurosawa's previous films such as Cure and Bright Future.
As the ghost of the film, is seeking revenge from past events of which every protagonist is apparently responsible, the horror in Retribution has been seen by some as expressing some kind of social illness and collective guilt in our contemporary world.
'Evil Dead Trap', known in Japan as , is a 1988 Japanese horror film directed by Toshiharu Ikeda and produced by Japan Home Video.
TV show host Nami asks her viewers to send in home movies; she receives a snuff film apparently shot at a nearby factory. Taking a camera crew out to investigate, Nami finds the factory deserted. As Nami and her crew begin to scour the factory, they are murdered one-by-one in grisly fashion until only Nami remains. She ultimately discovers that the killer is Hideki, a small, fetus-like man conjoined to his fully grown, naive twin-brother, who seems unaware of the killings.
Special effects were by Shinichi Wakasa who would go on to a career as a monster-suit maker for several Godzilla movies.
Hitomi Kobayashi who plays the supporting role of Rei Sugiura was a top star for Japan Home Video (JHV) under their adult video (AV) label Alice Japan. JHV financed the film as a vehicle for Kobayashi but director Toshiharu Ikeda, unsure of Kobayashi's acting ability, instead put Miyuki Ono in the starring role.
The film was released theatrically in Japan as 
The film received generally positive reviews from critics. Allmovie describes the film as a "provocative horror film" and a "sickening but riveting slasher"
Yoshiaki suddenly starts behaving strangely, which includes making strange jerking movements and howling. He and his wife, Keiko, go to Sakashita, a student from Yoshiaki's medical school, for assistance. He is unable to do anything to stop these occurrences. Yoshiaki begins to transform into something else. After his wife hears reports of murders happening, she wonders if her husband could be the one committing the murders.
Henge is the film debut of director Ohata Hajime. While the film did not receive any awards at the Yubari International Fantastic Film Festival, Twitch Film reported that the film was heavily talked about.
The film was advertised with a trailer that shows scenes of people in terror with "driving, slashing music" to go along with it. Mark Schilling, of The Japan Times said that the trailer is "a minor work of art". Todd Brown, of Twitch Film, said, "The trailer below gives a good taste of what lies within Ohata's debut, a dark love story about a married couple weathering the bizarre transformation of the husband".
Mark Schilling, writing for The Japan Times, said, "By the end I felt like laughing, which was better than wondering if I'd ever sleep again". Ian Shone, of Horror News, said, "As the credits roll you're left scratching your head and wondering why anyone ever thought it was a good idea to take the story in such a feeble and nonsensical direction".
'Hideshi Hino's Theater of Horror', also known as the Kaiki Gekijou Hexalogy, is a series of six live action Japanese horror films from Pony Canyon. Based on several manga of Hideshi Hino, the series was released theatrically in Japan in year 2004, and later released in North America in 2006.
Although it is six-film horror series, the movies have no form of continuity, canon, or connection between them.
Setsu has recently lost her child, Daio in a tragic accident. Soon after, she meets a mysterious old woman who says she can resurrect Setsu's son. Daio revives, however he is half-decomposed and inhuman. In order for Daio to become whole again, he needs fresh human organs. Setsu goes to great limits to help her son, but the boy becomes a monster. A murder spree ensues, getting the attention of a local detective. Directed by Mari Asato. The cast includes  Mirai Yamamoto, Mitsuru Akaboshi, Baku Numata, and Hanae Shouji.
Sayuri is pronounced "dead" on a hospital table, yet her body continues to function. Her wounds continue to fester, and her skin begins to rot. Discovering this, her family begins to despise her. With the home reeking of rotted flesh, the family decides to confront Sayuri. Escaping home, she get captured by a circus owner, and is forced into freak show entertainment. Running away from the circus, she heads to the lonely hills, thinking she has managed to escape...
A horror screenwriter, named Umeki, has writer's block. But after going with his pregnant wife, Akiko to a check-up, he gets an idea - a horror story about a woman giving birth to a reptile! Akiko is disgusted with the idea, but Umeki develops the screenplay, which the critics are pleased with. Unfortunately, life imitates art, as Akiko gives birth to a half-human, half-lizard son. Umeki slowly slips into a downward spiral, as his wife cuddles the lizard child. Directed by Yoshihiro Nakamura. The cast includes Kurume Arisaka, Mansaku Ikeuchi, Matomu Onda and Yoshie Ootsuka.
In a rural village, there lives a man named Zoroku, with his sister, Haruko. All is well until one day, Zoroku becomes infected with a bizarre disease that blisters his skin and deforms his body. Fearing the reactions of the townspeople, his parents lock him in the house. Unfortunately, the village chief sees him, and soon, Zoroku and Haruko are mistreated by everyone in the village. Unable to watch Haruko suffer any longer, the parents decide to end Zoroku's misery themselves. Haruko tries to save her brother, and they leave home, but what comes afterward? Directed by Kazuyoshi Kumakiri.
Out of curiosity, Nanami and Daisuke decide to join their high school's Occult Research Club. The odd group is a handful of weirdos and the group's leader, Shiratori, who purportedly has supernatural powers.  They are currently investigating a 'curse' surrounding a student who committed suicide last year. An old doll found in the back of her closet may hold a clue.  Daisuke is freaked out, whereas Nanami is intrigued, until she is possessed by the same spirit of the 'Doll' that drove the student to suicide.  The group decides to investigate a cryptic spot called 'The Doll Cemetery', a wretched graveyard with piles upon piles of discarded mannequins and stuffed animals. Sensing intruders, the 'dead' dolls suddenly come to life. 'You won't leave here alive!' Nanami and the group desperately fight off ghoulish toy clowns and zombie dolls. But what awaits them was far worse.
All set to enjoy their day off, three high school friends, Yukino, Asako, and Natsu, board a seemingly normal train, when suddenly, a deafening sound and a flash of light envelop them.  But the three arrive at school the next day as if nothing happened. And yet, something is not right.  They see oddly familiar faces, their families are out of sync and they are chased by strange men in black. Plagued by these nightmarish sensations, Yukino flees, only to find herself in front of the amusement park they were heading to on that fateful train ride.  Slumping to the ground, Yukino comes to a strange realization:  They are stuck between nightmare and reality, between the walls of two worlds that are closing in on them. But which world is real?
"'Redrum'" is the sixth episode of the The X-Files (season 8)|eighth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files. It premiered on the Fox network on . The story for the episode was developed by Steven Maeda and Daniel Arkin, the teleplay was written by Maeda, and the episode was directed by Peter Markle. "Redrum" is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider Mythology of The X-Files|mythology. The episode received a Nielsen rating of 8.1 and was viewed by 13.2 million households. Overall, the episode received moderately positive reviews from critics.
The series centers on FBI special agents Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) and her new partner John Doggett (Robert Patrick)-following the alien abduction of her former partner, Fox Mulder (David Duchovny)-who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. In this episode, a lawyer friend of Doggett's named Martin Wells tries to clear his name of the crime after his wife is murdered. Unfortunately for him, his perception of time regresses backwards, day by day. This leads to confusion, but ultimately an answer as to who killed Wells' wife.
"Redrum", described as a "Twilight Zone-type thriller" by critics, heavily featured the actor Joe Morton, who had previously played a role in the 1991 sci-fi film Terminator 2: Judgment Day alongside series co-star Robert Patrick. The title of the episode was purposely picked by episode writer Steven Maeda to be "murder" spelled backwards. The episode's main character, Martin Wells, was named after famed 19th century author H.G. Wells.
Martin Wells, a renowned Baltimore prosecutor, wakes up in a prison cell and notices a stitched-up wound on his right cheek. A guard enters and takes him for his transfer. Wells' long-time friend, John Doggett (Robert Patrick), and his partner, Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), await him and warn of reporters outside. As he exits the building, a man Wells recognizes draws a pistol and shoots him. Wells stares at Scully's watch as he dies. The hands stop and then begin to turn backwards.
Upon waking up again, Wells is surprised to find no bullet wounds on his body. Scully and Doggett arrive to interrogate Wells, but he is confused about what is going on. A furious Doggett claims that he has been accused of murdering his wife, Vicky, and initially believes that Wells is faking his confusion in order to build an insanity defense. However, Doggett shows signs of doubt when he notices Wells' genuine anguish over Vicky's death. Wells is brought into court and he recognizes his father-in-law, Al Cawdry, as the man who shot him. When Wells' next court date is announced to be Thursday, he realizes that he has somehow travelled back to the day before his shooting. When the judge decides to transfer Wells to a different cell, he makes a scene in the court and accuses Cawdry of planning to kill him during the transfer.
In his second meeting of the day with Scully and Doggett, Wells explains that he cannot remember the last few days. Scully suggests that maybe he did do it. Wells begins having flashes of the murder but they are unclear. Waiting in his cell, he kills a spider. Later, a nanny cam from his house reveals that the only person to arrive between the police's arrival and the last time his wife is on camera is Martin Wells. Eventually, Wells meets his lawyers and tells them about the nanny cam. However, it turns out that it is Wednesday: Wells is somehow "living the week backwards".
While going to meet Doggett and Scully, Wells gets shoved into a dominos game and while picking them up gets slashed on his right cheek from a man with the spider web tattoo on his hand. Wells tells Doggett and Scully that he is moving backwards in time and cannot recall the past few days. Doggett is skeptical, but Scully hears him out. Wells says there must be a reason for it and Scully suggests that the answer may already be within him. Studying the evidence of the case, Wells has a flash of the murder that reveals the knife in a hand with a spider web tattoo.
Martin next awakes in Doggett's home. Wells tells Doggett the description of the killer but the man isn't in lock-up yet because that won't happen until Wednesday. Doggett and Wells arrive at the apartment and retrieve the nanny cam, but discover that someone disabled the cam and used its remote control, a device no one knew about except Mr. and Mrs. Wells and their nanny, Trina Galvez. At Trina Galvez's home, Wells and Doggett discover the killer, a man named Cesar Ocampo, who threatened to kill Galvez's family if she refused him entrance. At the station house, Doggett informs Wells that Ocampo only wants to talk to him. Ocampo reveals that his brother, Hector, was sentenced to time in prison for a false conviction. Wells bargains with Cesar Ocampo, saying that if Cesar confesses to Vicky's murder, he will take a look at his brother's case. Cesar tells him that Hector hung himself in a jail cell a few weeks ago. Doggett calls Martin Wells out into the hall and the police arrest Martin because they have a case against him. Evidence against Ocampo isn't strong enough yet.
Martin wakes up, having moved back to the day before. He rushes home to try and save his wife. Martin admits to evidence suppression and that Hector Ocampo's brother is out for revenge. Wells and his wife hide. Suddenly, they hear someone else at the door. Ocampo appears and accosts Wells. Vicky Wells comes out of hiding but is thrown through the coffee table. As Ocampo prepares to slit her throat, he is shot dead by timely arriving Doggett. Wells eventually goes to prison for his evidence suppression, a punishment he feels he deserves.
 in Los Angeles|200px|thumb|right
"Redrum", described as a "Twilight Zone-type thriller" in The Complete X-Files, was developed by Steven Maeda and Daniel Arkin, while the teleplay was written solely by Maeda. Maeda purposely picked the title to be the backwards spelling of "murder"; notably, the same plot device was used by novelist-Chinga (The X-Files)|and one-time X-Files writer-Stephen King in his book The Shining.Miles, Pearson, and Dickson p. 28 Furthermore, Maeda used the spider and its web to symbolize Martin Wells' confusion at being trapped in his situation. Wells was played by noted actor Joe Morton who had previously played a role in the 1991 sci-fi film Terminator 2: Judgment Day. Robert Patrick later noted that "Joe Morton is a fantastic actor. We never worked together in [Terminator 2], but we're in that movie together. And Joe was The Brother from Another Planet."Hurwitz and Knowles, p. 189
The scene of Martin Wells' assassination was filmed at the "legendary" Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles. This location, which has been the shooting location for over 200 productions, including Forrest Gump and Pretty Woman, is perhaps more infamous as the site of Presidential candidate Assassination of Robert F. Kennedy|Robert F. Kennedy's assassination by Sirhan Sirhan in 1968. Several of the names in the episode were allusions to historical figures or acquaintances of the writer. Most notably, Martin Wells is named after famed 19th century author H.G. Wells, noted for his contributions to science fiction with The Time Machine in 1896 and The War of the Worlds in 1898. Furthermore, the character of Janet Wilson, the lawyer of Wells, was named after Maeda's wife.
"Redrum" first aired on Fox on December 10, 2000. The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 8.1, meaning that it was seen by 8.1% of the nation's estimated households. The episode was viewed by 8.16 million households,
Critical reception to the episode was moderately positive, although several reviewers criticized the episode's monologues. Television Without Pity writer Jessica Morgan rated the episode a "B+". She called the episode "a double mystery: on one hand Martin's investigation of his wife's murder; and on the other, an investigation into the workings of his own soul."  Vitaris, too, was critical of the ending monologue, noting that "the voiceover ruins the mood of the final shot."
Zack Handlen of The A.V. Club awarded the episode a "B+", writing that it was an "example of an episode that starts off strong, only to fumble when it comes to the follow through". He was particularly praiseworthy towards Morton's performance, noting that his presence "more than makes up for" the lack of Doggett and Scully. He concluded that the episode is "a smart that the script makes Wells in some way culpable for what happened, and tries to establish him as a merciless hard-ass" but that the "reveal is never really satisfying." Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen, gave the episode a moderately positive review and rated it three-and-a-half stars out of five. The two noted that the episode was "constructed with great skill by Steven Maeda and Daniel Arkin." Despite this, Shearman and Pearson noted that "with the series in flux, this is an especially unhelpful time to attempt an episode which so abandons the house style; The X-Files urgently needs to assert what it is, not what it isn't."Shearman and Pearson, p. 233-234
;Footnotes
;Bibliography
 It is the first film in the Tomie (film series)|Tomie film series, based on a manga of the same name by Junji Ito.
The film opens with the police investigating the murder of high school girl Tomie Kawakami (Miho Kanno). They learn that in the months following the crime, nine students and one teacher have either committed suicide or gone insane. The detective assigned to the case learns that three years prior another Tomie Kawakami was murdered in rural Gifu prefecture. Other slain Tomie Kawakami's are discovered stretching all the way back to the 1860s, right when Japan began to modernize. The detective tracks down one of Tomie's classmates called Tsukiko (Mami Nakamura), an art student who is being treated for amnesia. She has absolutely no memory of the three-month period around Tomie's death, and is starting to suspect the cause has a supernatural source. Meanwhile, Tsukiko's neighbor is rearing a peculiar baby-like creature. Over the span of a couple weeks, it grows into a beautiful teenaged girl with orange eyes responding to the name of Tomie Kawakami.
Soon afterwards, Tomie begins seducing Tsukiko's boyfriend Yuuichi (Kouta Kusano). Meanwhile, Tsukiko enters her new neighbor's apartment to investigate. Upon discovering her friend's dead body, she is attacked by her landlord and passes out due to asphyxiation. She wakes up in her psychiatrist's office and encounters Tomie. Tomie starts emotionally taunting Tsukiko and tries feeding her live cockroaches. She then begins taking selfies next to her. Soon thereafter, Tsukiko's boyfriend murders Tomie. As they go bury Tomie's headless body in the woods, she comes back to life and Tsukiko runs off further into the woods and finds herself on a boat dock. Tomie then appears once again, now fully regenerated, and kisses Tsukiko on the lips. They both begin laughing as Tsukiko lights a flare and sets Tomie on fire.
Tsukiko is now shown leading a normal life, still taking photographs and being interested in art. One day as she goes to develop a picture she took of herself, she notices a mole under her left eye she didn't have before; the same kind of mole Tomie had. Tsukiko then looks at herself in the mirror in shock as Tomie appears, smiling.
 was chosen specifically by manga author Junji Ito for the role.
Director Ataru Oikawa admired the original manga for Tomie, referring to it as a "fairy tale in bad taste".
For the role of Tomie, Miho Kanno was chosen specifically by manga author Junji Ito for the role.
Tomie was released in Japan on October 6, 1998.
Video Watchdog reviewed Tomie, stating that it was "too mild and slow-going though it is attractively photographed and Ms. Kanno, with her soulless eyes and utterly creepy smile, remains the quintessential Tomie."
After the release of Tomie, the first sequel was not a theatrical film but a direct-to-video release of Tomie: Another Face released on October 25, 1999.
'Moan' is a 1999 gay pornographic horror film directed by David Thompson, and written by Alex Nixx. It is based on the 1996 film Scream by Wes Craven and Kevin Williamson.  
While making popcorn, Kenny is called by an unknown person, who flirts with him. The conversation turns disturbing, and ends when a man wearing a hood and face paint breaks into Kenny's house, and rapes him. The next day, Kenny's friends discuss what happened to him, revealing that he was so traumatized from being sexually assaulted that he has suffered a mental breakdown. Investigating the attack is Deputy Derek, who questions Kenny's friends, all of whom have reasonable alibis. Derek then has sex with Ricky, and afterward Ricky mentions that Kenny had recently dumped Stuart.
After Derek leaves, dismissing a nosy reporter on his way out, Sam chats with Tom, and brings up Chris, his boyfriend who had been raped and murdered almost a year ago, supposedly by a man named Steve Warner. Sam goes home, and after masturbating he is taunted over the phone by Kenny's rapist, who then attacks him. Sam fights off his assailant, and accuses Brian of being him, as he showed up right after the attack, cellular phone in hand. Brian is arrested by Derek, but is released the next day, due to a lack of evidence, and Sam getting another call from the rapist.
Despite all that has happened, everyone attends a party being held at Stuart's house. Tom goes to get beer and light bulbs out of the garage, where he is confronted by and has sex with the rapist, who drowns him in a hot tub afterward. Ricky goes to look for Tom, and is locked in the garage by the rapist, revealed to be Brian, who is working with Stuart. Brian murdered Chris and framed his boyfriend Steve for it because Chris and Steve were having an affair, and now he and Stuart are going to kill Sam, after forcing him to participate in a threesome, as "no porno is complete without a good threeway". When the trio ejaculates, Derek and the reporter enter, and arrest Brian and Stuart, the reporter having recorded the two bragging about their crimes from outside.
Jeremy Spencer of GayVN gave Moan a 3½ out of 5, criticizing the editing and direction, but still calling it "a fast-paced sexual romp that is both hysterical and creepy" with a cast composed of "powerhouse sexual performers and some decent actors".   The film won Best Sex Comedy at the 2000 GayVN Awards.
'Savage Fury' is a 1985 pornographic thriller written and directed by Mark Carriere and co-written by Tina Marie. It was followed by Savage Fury 2 in 1989 and Savage Fury 3 in 1994.
Outside a pizzeria, a trio of ne'er-do-wells sexually harass three coeds, prompting one of the girls to slap and shove the men's leader, Clint, who threatens to get even. That night, the three thugs, with the help of two other toughs, break into the girls' dormitory at the Central State University. The quintet rape the five women inside, and, afterward, one of the girls vows: "You mark my words, I'll get you in the end!" A year later, one of the women spots four of the five rapists at a bar, so she gets in touch with the other victims, and, together, they plot to get revenge on their assailants.
The women split up and pose as prostitutes, with each seducing one of the rapists and luring them to a secluded area. The girls have sex with the men, and, when they finish, they remind them of the events of the previous year, before gunning them down with automatic firearms, splattering blood, and gore all over the rooms.
Adam Film World gave Savage Fury a 3.5 out of 5 ("Hot") while Hustler Erotic Video gave it a 3/4.
'Port of Call' is a 2015 Hong Kong crime thriller film written, edited and directed by Philip Yung and starring Aaron Kwok, Elaine Jin and Patrick Tam. The film is based on a real murder case where a dismembered corpse of a murdered 16-year-old female prostitute was found in Hong Kong in 2008.
Filming for Port of Call began in Hong Kong on 1 September 2014 In order to prepare for his role as a veteran police detective, Aaron Kwok grew a moustache and beard, which, along with his hair, were dyed grey in colour, and also had to reduce his gym exercise routines.
|-
|Best Film
|Port of Call
|
|-
|Best Director
|Philip Yung
|
|-
|Best Screenplay
|Philip Yung
|
|-
|Best Actor
|Aaron Kwok
|
|-
|Best Actress
|Jessie Li
|
|-
|Best Supporting Actor
|Michael Ning
|
|-
|Best Supporting Actress
|Elaine Jin
|
|-
|Michael Ning
|
|-
|Jessie Li
|
|-
|Best Cinematography
|Christopher Doyle
|
|-
|Best Film Editing
|Liao Ching-sung, Wong Hoi,Philip Yung, Chu Ka-yat
|
|-
|Best Original Film Score
|Ding Ke
|
|-
|Best Original Film Song
|Song: On the Dark Sea (?????)
Composer/Lyricist/Singer: Ding Ke
|
|-
|Best Feature Film
|Port of Call
|
|-
|Best Original Screenplay
|Philip Yung
|
|-
|Best Actor
|Aaron Kwok
|
|-
|Best Supporting Actor
|Michael Ning
|
|-
|Best Supporting Actress
|Elaine Jin
|
|-
|Jessie Li
|
|-
|Michael Ning
|
|-
|Best Cinematography
|Christopher Doyle
|
|-
|Best Original Film Song
|Song: On the Dark Sea (?????)
Composer/Lyricist/Singer: Ding Ke
|
|-
|Best Film
|Port of Call
|
|-
|Best Director
|Philip Yung
|
|-
|Best Screenplay
|Philip Yung
|
|-
|Aaron Kwok
|
|-
|Michael Ning
|
|-
|Best Actress
|Jessie Li
|
|-
|Best Screenwriter
|Philip Yung
|
|-
|Best Supporting Actor
|Michael Ning
|
|-
|Best Newcomer
|Jessie Li
|
|-
|Best Cinematographer
|Christopher Doyle
|
|-
|Best Editor
|Chu Ka-yat, Liao Ching-sung,Wong Hoi, Philip Yung
|
|-
|Best Actress
|Jessie Li
|
|-
|Best of Bucheon
|Philip Yung
|
|-
|Special Mention
|Port of Cal
|
|-
|Top Ten Chinese-language films
|Port of Call
|
|-
|Director of the Year
|Philip Yung
|
|-
|Screenwriter of the Year
|Philip Yung
|
|-
|Male Actor of the Year
|Aaron Kwok
|
|-
|Best Supporting Actor
|Michael Ning
|
|-
|Michael Ning
|
|-
|Jessie Li
|
|-
|'13th New York Asian Film Festival'
|Star Asia Award
|Aaron Kwok
|
|-
 is a Japanese mystery horror novel by Yukito Ayatsuji, published on October 29, 2009 by Kadokawa Shoten. The story focuses on a boy named Koichi Sakakibara who, upon transferring into Yomiyama Middle School and meeting the curious Mei Misaki, finds himself in a mystery revolving around students and people related to his class falling victim to gruesome, senseless deaths.
A manga adaptation by Hiro Kiyohara was serialized between May 2010 and January 2012 in the issues of Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace. Both the novel and the manga have been licensed in North America by Yen Press. A 12-episode anime television series produced by P.A.Works aired in Japan between January 10 and March 27, 2012, with an original video animation episode released on May 26, 2012, and a live-action film of the same name was released in Japanese theatres on August 4, 2012.
In 1972, Misaki, a popular student of Yomiyama North Middle School's class 3-3, suddenly died partway through the school year. Devastated by the loss, the students and teacher behaved like Misaki was still alive, leading to a strange presence on the graduation photo. In Spring 1998, Koichi Sakakibara transfers into Yomiyama's class 3-3, where he meets Mei Misaki, a quiet student whom their classmates and teacher seemingly ignore. The class is soon caught up in a strange phenomenon, in which students and their relatives begin to die in often gruesome ways. Realizing that these deaths are related to the "Misaki of 1972", a yearly calamity that has struck most every class 3-3 since 1972, Koichi and Mei seek to figure out how to stop it before it kills anymore of their classmates or them.
;
:
:Played by: Kento Yamazaki (live-action film)
:A 15-year-old boy who transferred to Yomiyama North Middle's Class 3-3 from Tokyo in 1998, but was hospitalized due to  pneumothorax before the school year began. Koichi stays with his grandparents and aunt Reiko, while his father conducts research in India. He befriends Mei Misaki despite warnings against doing so, and works with his classmates to uncover the truth behind the curse of Class 3-3.
;
:
:Played by: Ai Hashimoto (live-action film)
:An unusual girl who wears a white eyepatch over her left eye,
;
:
:Koichi's father is a college professor who is doing research in India. He regularly calls his son to chat, but does not give much detail about their family background, opting instead to complain about the heat. The phone connection typically becomes filled with static and drops just as Yosuke might say something informative.
;
:Koichi's mother, she died 15 years ago right after giving birth to him. She was a student in Yomiyama Middle School's Class 3-3 back in 1972, and was thus one of Misaki Yomiyama's classmates. "???????????????(?????)????????????????????
??(??)???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????"
;
:
:Played by: Ai Kato (live-action film)
:Koichi's aunt and Ritsuko's younger sister. She has been hanging out with Koichi at the grandparents home while Koichi's dad has been away. At the beginning of the story, she gives him advice about Yomiyama Middle School through a series of "rules". It is later revealed that she and Koichi's current teacher are the same person. Chibiki tells Mei and Kouichi that Ms. Mikami was the Class 3-3 homeroom teacher in 1996, the last year the calamity happened, and that making her assistant homeroom teacher this year put a burden on her. In the anime, it is revealed that Ms. Mikami was the extra person.
;
: 
:She is an artist and the owner of "Blue Eyes Empty to All, In the Twilight of Yomi", a ball-jointed doll store and museum.
;
:
:First introduced as Mei's "other half"
;
:
:The receptionist at the doll shop and museum.
;
:, Takashi Waka (live-action film)
:He's one of the class delegates and a meganekko|glasses-wearing honor student.
;
:, Maya Okano (live-action film)
:The class 3-3 representative for the girls side.
;
:, Kiyotaka Uji (live-action film)
:A classmate who befriends Koichi, whom he nicknames "Sakaki".
;
:, Kai Inowaki (live-action film)
:A schoolmate and member of the Art Club.
;
:, Mika Akizuki (live-action film)
:A student in charge of countermeasures, she devises and upholds means to deal with the calamity of Class 3-3.
;
:
:A classmate who is noted to occasionally miss school because of his weak heart condition. His appearance is thin and a bit smaller than other boys. He is usually seen sitting at the sidelines during P.E..
;
:
:Class 3-3 homeroom teacher.
;
:, Yoshihiko Hakamaka (live-action film)
:Reiko describes him as the "ruler" of the secondary library. He typically dresses in all black.
;
:The honor student from Yomiyama Middle School's Class 3-3 in 1972. He was extremely popular and well-liked by his peers and teacher. He died in a house fire that also claimed the lives of his brother and both his parents.
;
:, Hiroko Sato (live-action film)
:A nurse at Yumigaoka Hospital who befriends Koichi. A running gag is that she is Accident-proneness|accident-prone.
;
:
:A former Yomiyama North Middle School student from Class 3-3 of 1983, and one of Reiko's classmates. During their summer trip, when he had killed a classmate, he discovers that the other people in the class suddenly have no knowledge of that classmate. He realizes he had killed the Casualty, making this the only known case of the phenomenon stopping halfway through the year.
;
:
:Yuya's older half-sister. A waitress at Inoya Cafe, she attended Yomiyama North Middle School during 1983, though she was not part of Class 3-3. Although aware of the rumors about said class, she did not believe them until Yuya, fearing for his life, explained the situation to her. Katsumi Matsunaga is a regular at the cafe where she works.
;
:
:Ikuo Takabayashi's grandmother. A gentle warm-hearted grandmother, though she proved to be an insane crone murderer due to Ikuo's death. In the novel, she is responsible for the murder of Manabu Maejima, Izumi Akazawa, Takako Sugiura, Junta Nakao, Shigeki Yonemura, and her husband Kensaku during the summer trip. She then proceeded to commit suicide by biting off her tongue, making her along with her husband one of the seven "Deaths of August".  In the anime, she is not directly responsible for Sugiura's or Akazawa's death, and she was killed with a frying pan by Chibiki, saving Yuya Mochizuki and Naoya Teshigawara.
Another is a 677-page novel written by Yukito Ayatsuji. The novel was originally serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's literary magazine Yasai Jidai in intermittent periods between the August 2006 and May 2009 issues. A compiled tankobon volume was published on October 29, 2009
A manga adaptation illustrated by Hiro Kiyohara was serialized between the May 2010 and January 2012 issues of Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace magazine. Four tankobon volumes were released between October 4, 2010 and December 29, 2011. A "0th" volume of the manga was released on May 26, 2012. Yen Press has licensed the original four-volume manga in North America and released it as an omnibus.
A 12-episode anime television series adaptation produced by P.A.Works and directed by Tsutomu Mizushima
A live-action film adaptation of the same name, directed by Takeshi Furusawa by Miliyah Kato.
; Novel
;Another manga volumes story by Yukito Ayatsuji, art by Hiro Kiyohara. Original Japanese version published by Kadokawa Shoten. English version by Yen Press.
; Anime and manga
; Film
The light novel was published in Japanese by Kadokawa Shoten and in English by Viz Media under their 'Haikasoru' imprint.
The Stories of Ibis is told through a collection of short stories. All but two had been previously published. The two that Yamamoto wrote for the novel were 'The Day Shion Came' and 'AI's Story'. This is similar to The Illustrated Man by Ray Bradbury. Yamamoto drew from Bradbury's idea of short stories that were loosely connected. He represented this influence in the novel by giving Ibis a facial tattoo.
The Stories of Ibis begins with a wandering storyteller who encounters Ibis. He has the mindset that all robots are a threat to humanity and must be fought against for survival. He attacks the robot Ibis, not aware of who she is, as a result of his mindset. Ibis tells the storyteller that she is far more proficient in battle. During the battle the storyteller becomes injured and Ibis takes him to an android hospital to care for him. While he is recovering Ibis offers to tell him stories. While originally skeptical he agrees after Ibis makes it clear that the stories are not taboo. The space after each story is referred to as intermission and is a time for Ibis to comment on the story she just told.
The story is about a group of friends who are writing a science fiction story over the internet. One of the group members kills someone in real life. The rest of the short story is about how the group fights to convince this man to not commit suicide, but to turn himself in. He resolves to turn himself in, being hopeful to the future because he knows he has friends who care about him. The ending words of the story are a commentary. While the story they were writing was not real, the emotions they were feeling were real.
This is another story about human interactions over the internet. The device that allows people to enter virtual reality (VR) is MUGEN Net. Such devices are extremely expensive and most people need to go to a public server to use one. However the girl's parents in this story are wealthy enough to own one. This girl is shopping in VR when a boy meets her and asks her out for ice cream. All goes well and they plan for another. After some time of VR dating and awesome adventures with a female heroine, they agree to meet up in real life. He discovers that in reality, she is blind, yet he thinks she is brave and they continue dating. It's a wonderful short story of a secret utopia inside a dystopian culture of technology.
A short story about an artificial intelligence that grows over time with human interaction. The inspiration for this story was Ray Bradbury's I Sing the Body Electric. The mirror girl Shalice starts off with basic knowledge and by interacting with her owner develops. The owner grows up and marries a technician who incubates Shalice by teaching her in the virtual world at many thousand times faster than average life. When he is done, Strong Eye is created. Strong Eye is the fully developed and completely intelligent AI.
A futuristic story about an artificial space station and people who go diving into a black hole. The space station cannot stop people but is sorry that they go to their deaths because none of them get past the event horizon. Then one girl comes who has the space ship, the training, and the research necessary to attempt to dive into the black hole. As she goes into the black hole the space station can no longer observe. She may have made it, she could have been destroyed.
An anime flavored story about the intelligence of people being scanned onto a computer network. The AIs in the network fight crime and live repeating lives. At the end of each year they start anew, but different story lines. Thousands of 'extras' populate the network and are the ones subject to harm and deletion. The protagonist has a pen pal in real life who explains to her that the real world is under attack and that there are no respawns and no extras. The AI finds this so cruel that people would willingly kill each other when they can't come back.
The stories leading up to this were all relatively short. This and the next took up over 100 pages each. This is a story about an android named Shion who works in a Japanese nursing facility. Shion comes with only extensive nursing training but lacks the knowledge of how to communicate with the residents. After months of training she informs her adviser that she believes all humans have dementia, which explains their irrational behavior. Near the end of the story one of the residents threatens suicide but Shion convinces him to step down and be rational.
The culminating story of the entire novel. It is about Ibis herself. She starts off as a virtual reality fighting program and overtime develops intelligence. Her master gains enough funds to create her a body in the real world or level 0. There is significant hate against TAIs (True Artificial Intelligence) in the real world. Ibis and her friend Raven rebel against their masters to make a point. Human hatred was destroying them. After many years robots took prevalence and most humans realized they were not worthy to be the guardians of Earth and died in peace. The remaining population was stubborn and fought against the robots for centuries. The storyteller is a child of this generation, being raised in hatred and ignorance. The robots sought to take him captive, and teach him the truth so that he could go to the villages where people lived and teach them the truth. The whole point was they cared for the humans and wanted them to live in peace, rather than fighting for their survival.
It was reviewed by the Denver Post to be an "excellent novel".
The stage play made its debut at the Schauspielhaus in Vienna in October 2013. It has received favorable reactions from crowds in a variety of different cities in which it has been performed, including Berlin and Belgrade.
Srbljanovic has remarked that she feels "not very much into history and utterly not interested in World War I" yet found Princip's story fascinating given the figure's challenging ethical and philosophical ideas. In October 2014, the play won two awards during the International Theatre Festival of Small and Experimental Stage (MESS) ceremony; one award went to Srbljanovic herself and another went to Sarajevo-based actor Ermin Bravo, for best stage performance.
Development of Life Is Strange began in April 2013. It was formed with an episodic format in mind, for reasons both financial and creative. The developers conducted field research on the setting by travelling to the Pacific Northwest, and subverted known archetypes to make the characters. Player feedback influenced the adjustments made to the episodes. Story and character arc serve as the central point in the game. During its release, Life Is Strange received generally favourable reviews commending the character development, rewind game mechanic and tackling of taboo subjects. It won the BAFTA Games Award for Best Story, the Peabody-Facebook Futures of Media Award and The Game Awards' Games for Impact Award. Common criticisms included the slang that was used, poor Lip sync|lip-syncing in earlier episodes, and tonal inconsistencies in the story. It has sold over three million copies as of May 2017. A prequel, Life Is Strange: Before the Storm|Before the Storm, was released in 2017, while a sequel, Life Is Strange 2, is in development.
The player can explore various locations in the fictional setting of Arcadia Bay and communicate with non-player character|non-playable characters.
In some instances, choices in dialogue will alter and affect the story through short or long-term consequences.
Life Is Strange is set in the fictional town of Arcadia Bay, Oregon, and is told from the perspective of Maxine "Max" Caulfield (Hannah Telle), a twelfth grade student attending Blackwell Academy during October 2013. During photography class with her teacher Mark Jefferson (Derek Phillips), Max experiences a vision of a lighthouse being destroyed by a swelling tornado. Leaving for the restroom to regain her composure, she witnesses classmate Nathan Prescott (Nik Shriner) accidentally kill a woman in a fit of rage. In a single, sudden effort, she develops the ability to rewind time and rescues the girl; revealed to be her childhood friend Chloe Price (Ashly Burch). The two reunite and go for a walk at the lighthouse, where Max reveals to Chloe her capacity to travel back in time. It is established that the vision is rather the reckoning of a future event: a storm approaching the town.
Meeting Chloe at the diner where her mother Joyce (Cissy Jones) works, they decide to experiment with Max's power at Chloe's secret scrapyard hideout. However, strain causes Max to have a nosebleed and faint. Chloe takes her back to Blackwell, but class is halted when everyone is called out to the courtyard. Kate commits suicide by jumping off the roof of the girls' dorm. Max manages to rewind and time stops unexpectedly as she reaches Kate, giving Max the opportunity to convince her to come down. Max ultimately resolves to uncover what happened to Kate and Chloe's missing friend Rachel Amber. Max and Chloe break into the principal's office that night to investigate and enter the pool for a swim before evading David Madsen (Don McManus), head of security at Blackwell and Chloe's stepfather, and fleeing back to Chloe's place. The next morning, they sneak into the motorhome of Frank Bowers (Daniel Bonjour), drug dealer and friend of Rachel, and learn that Rachel was in a relationship with Frank and lied to Chloe about it, causing Chloe to storm off feeling betrayed. Max returns to her dormitory and examines a childhood photo of her and Chloe, but is suddenly transported to the day the picture was taken. Max prevents Chloe's father William (Joe Ochman) from dying in a traffic collision, which inadvertently creates an alternative reality where William is alive but Chloe has been paralysed from the neck down as a result of a collision in her own car.
Max uses the photo to undo her decision and return to the present day, restoring Chloe's health. Continuing their investigation, Max and Chloe obtain clues leading them to an abandoned barn owned by the influential Prescott family. They discover a hidden bunker containing pictures of Kate and Rachel tied up and intoxicated, with Rachel being buried at Chloe's secret hideout. They hurry back to the scrapyard and find Rachel's grave, much to Chloe's despair. Max follows Chloe at the school party to confront Nathan, believing he will target fellow student Victoria Chase (Dani Knights). They receive a text from Nathan threatening to destroy the evidence, returning them to the scrapyard. All of a sudden, the two are ambushed by Jefferson, who anaesthetises Max and kills Chloe with a shot to the head. Max is kidnapped and held captive in the "Dark Room", a place Jefferson has been drugging and photographing young girls to capture their innocence. Max escapes into a photograph and emerges back at the beginning in Jefferson's class. She alerts David, getting Jefferson arrested.
Max is given the opportunity to go to San Francisco and have one of her photos displayed in an art gallery. She calls Chloe from the event, realizing that, for all her effort, the storm has reached Arcadia Bay. Max travels back to the time at which she took the gallery photo, which eventually leads her to sojourn alternative realities as they devolve into a dreamscape nightmare. Max and Chloe finally return to the lighthouse and confront the fact that Max brought the storm into existence by saving Chloe from being shot by Nathan earlier in the week. The only way to prevent it is for Max to go back to that moment via a photo she took and allow Chloe to be killed by Nathan. Max must make a choice: sacrifice Chloe's life to save Arcadia Bay, or sacrifice Arcadia Bay to spare Chloe.
.
Life Is Strange was Dontnod Entertainment's second title with a female protagonist. Dontnod published a developer diary that said most prospective publishers were unwilling to publish a game unless it had a male protagonist.
Development of Life Is Strange began in April 2013 with a team of 15, and more people were added when the collaboration with Square Enix began.
It was decided early on that most of the budget be spent on the writing and voice actors.
Although it holds significant differences from Remember Me, the game addresses similar themes of memory and identity.
The score was composed by Jonathan Morali of the band Syd Matters. and Foals.
Square Enix and Dontnod announced Life Is Strange on 11 August 2014.
A Japanese version was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 on 3 March 2016.
.
Life Is Strange received generally favourable reviews, with a Metacritic score of 85/100 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Kevin VanOrd of GameSpot said Episode 1: Chrysalis
Adnan Riaz of Hardcore Gamer said Episode 3: Chaos Theory was a dramatic improvement that presented a "thrilling, poignant, fascinating and ... enticing" narrative whose outcome from past decisions also added a sense of realism.
The first episode was ranked fifth among the best selling PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 video games of February 2015.
| New Games IP - PC/console
| 
| Use of Narrative
| 
| Best Original Game
| 
| Best Storytelling
| 
| Best Audio
| 
| Best Gaming Moment
| Saving Kate
| 
| Performance of the Year
| Ashly Burch as Chloe
| 
| Game of the Year
| Life Is Strange
| 
| Best Adventure
| 
| Best Story
| 
| Best Original Game
| 
| Game of the Year
| 
| Best Narrative
| Life Is Strange
| 
| Best Performance
| Ashly Burch as Chloe
| 
| Games for Impact
| 
| Best Episodic Adventure
| 
| Best Moment
| Episode 2 conclusion
| 
| Vice Canadas Top 20 video games of 2015
| 
| 
| 
| 
| Red Bull Games' Top 10 video games of 2015
| 
| 
| Polygon's Games of the Year 2015
| Game of the Year
| 
| 
| Destructoid's Best of 2015
| Best Xbox One Game
| 
| 
| Eurogamer's Top 10 video games of 2015
| 
| 
| Ars Technica
| 
| 
| Giant Bomb
| Best Moment or Sequence
| End of Episode 2
| 
| 
| New Statesmans Top 10 video games of 2015
|Best Game
| 
| 
| Hardcore Gamers Best of 2015
| Best Adventure Game
| 
| 
| Best PS4 Game
| 
| Best Story
| 
| Best Soundtrack
| 
| Best Digital-Only Release
| 
| Outstanding Achievement in Game Direction
| 
| Adventure Game of the Year
| 
| Outstanding Achievement in Character
| Max Caulfield
| 
| Game Developers Choice Awards
| Audience Award
| 
| 
| Excellence in Narrative
| 
| Most Promising New Intellectual Property
| 
| Matthew Crump Cultural Innovation Award
| 
| Art Direction, Contemporary
| 
| Character Design
| 
| Direction in a Game Cinema
| 
| Game Design, New IP
| 
| Original Light Mix Score, New IP
| 
| Song, Original or Adapted
| Life Is Strange - "To All of You"
| 
| Song Collection
| 
| Writing in a Drama
| 
| Game, Original Adventure
| 
| Best Game
| 
| Game Innovation
| 
| Original Property
| 
| Performer
| Ashly Burch
| 
| Story
| 
| Peabody-Facebook Futures of Media Awards
| Excellence and Innovation in Digital Storytelling
| 
| 
| Game of the Year
| 
| Most Significant Impact
| 
| Best Gameplay
| 
| Most Innovative
| 
| Japan Game Awards
| Game Designers Award
| 
| 
| Apple Inc.|Apple's Best of 2016
| Game of the Year
| 
| 
| Steam Awards
| "I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye"
| 
| 
After Life Is Strange achieved financial and commercial success, Dontnod Entertainment started to become more prominent in the video game industry; publishers pursued the studio for the first time, whereas they previously had to pursue publishers themselves. CEO Oskar Guilbert said that the game saved his company financially after the mediocre sales of Remember Me.
In July 2016, Legendary Digital Studios and Square Enix, in conjunction with dj2 Entertainment announced that they would be adapting Life Is Strange as a digital series.
On 18 May 2017, Dontnod Entertainment said Life Is Strange 2 was in the works.
In early June 2017, developer Deck Nine said they had "signed a partnership deal with a leading AAA videogame publisher" and were developing a title for a "critically acclaimed franchise", and images of Life Is Strange characters appeared on Deck Nine's website.
Titan Comics will release a four-issue comic book series based on Life Is Strange in 2018.
'KGB' is a video game released for the Commodore Amiga and IBM PC Compatible computers in 1992. Set in the decadent final days of the Soviet Union, KGB is considered to be quite difficult, even for experienced gamers, since it relies on a real time clock and correct/wrong answers which can end the game immediately or after an event needed to be triggered; also, players may make errors which they will notice only hours later in-game. The game engine, graphics and interface have plenty of similarities with Cryo's Dune (video game)|Dune.
KGB was also released on CD under the title 'Conspiracy', which included clips of Rukov's father played by Donald Sutherland giving advice. In the CD version, all references to "KGB" within the game and manual were changed to "Conspiracy".
The game is set in the summer of 1991. The protagonist, Captain Maksim Mikahilovich Rukov, recently transferred to the Department P from the Glavnoye Razvedyvatel'noye Upravleniye|GRU after three years' duty, is ordered to investigate possible corruption inside the KGB after a former agent turned private eye was found murdered. However, as the plot progresses, Rukov finds himself investigating a political plot of dangerous proportions.
'Captain Maksim Mikhailovich Rukov' was born on 12 January 1966 in Sverdlovsk.  His parents, Mikhail Stepanovich Rukov and Svetlava Shailova, were killed on 23 May 1983 during an Afghan terrorist attack in Dushanbe (in the Tajik SSR) where his father was on active duty.  Rukov learned English, Arabic and Spanish and joined the Spetsnaz as a paratrooper in 1988. The game begins as he makes his first steps in Department P.
'Uncle Vanya' is the brother of Rukov's father. He was also injured in the attack and uses a wheelchair, but is still able to take care of his nephew. He seems very suspicious of Maks's new employers.  (The name "Uncle Vanya" is a nod to the play of the same name by Anton Chekhov )
'Major Vovlov' is Rukov's direct superior at Department P. He is bad-tempered and authoritarian.
'Colonel Viktor Galushkin' works at Department P. He personally knew Rukov's father and went after his assassins.
'Major Radomir Savinkov', also a Department P member, is Rukov's controller in Leningrad. He is highly intelligent.
'Colonel Vladimir Kusnetsov' is the head of KGB's Department 7 in Leningrad. He is very hostile to Department P.
'Captain Piotr Chapkin' works at Department 7 with his father-in-law, Colonel Kusnetsov.
'Major Grigori Agabekov' is second in command at Department 7. He served in Afghanistan. He has a clean record and good reputation.
'Nathaniel Greenberg' and 'Carla Wallace' are American CIA agents who happen to be working on the same case as Rukov.
Computer Gaming World said in February 1993 that KGB "was very much in the John Le Carre mold, with lots of hidden intrigue, deep subterfuge and criss-crossing plot lines. One almost expects George Smiley to turn up". The magazine praised the game's graphics and "unusual feel", and concluded that it was "an engrossing and atmospheric product with more depth and attention to detail than offered by most of the latest graphic adventures". In April 1994 the magazine said of the CD remake, Conspiracy, that although Donald Sutherland's acting was "first-rate" the addition of his scenes to the original game was "a bit strained", concluding that "The novelty of seeing a Big Screen actor in an adventure game is about the only thing going for it".
'D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die' is an episodic graphical adventure video game developed by Access Games and originally published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox One. The title represents the phrase "Dark Dreams Don't Die" and the fourth dimension (time).
The main character is David Young,  a private investigator whose wife has been murdered. The traumatic events surrounding her death left Young unable to recollect those memories, but has allowed him to travel through time. Young travels through time to undo the murder. The player cannot time travel arbitrarily, as the powers are activated upon finding certain objects that bring the player to specific points in time.
D4 is an Xbox One title that uses Kinect controls with "simple gestures and voice" to uncover the mystery. The game uses cel shading|cel-shaded graphics similar to that of a graphic novel. For the PC version, however, Kinect has been disabled in favor of mouse controls. Some improvements have also been implemented in the PC version, such as upgrading the frame rate to 60 fps, shortening load times, and fixing bugs that were present in the original version.
After the death of his wife, former Boston police narcotics officer turned private detective, David Young gains the supernatural ability to travel into the past by touching left-behind items referred to as "mementos". Two years earlier David's wife was murdered and David received a blow to the head which caused him to lose his memory of the event except for his wife's final words "Look for D". David with his newly gained ability uses it to uncover the unknown assailant by investigating everyone whose name starts with "D". With help from his former partner Young gets a lead about a man, whose boss's name starts with D, went missing on a plane after it was struck by lightning and David uses a memento to travel back into the past to investigate.
Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the Xbox One version 76% based on 30 reviews and 76/100 based on 43 reviews; the Microsoft Windows version received respective ratings of 63% based on 9 reviews and 67/100 based on 14 reviews.
D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die was nominated for "Destructoid's Best of E3 2014" as "Best Xbox Exclusive" at E3 in 2014.
The game was created with CyberFlix's proprietary engine DreamFactory, which was also used to create Dust: A Tale of the Wired West. Extensive research was done by the development team to ensure historical accuracy and to precisely recreate the ship's interior and exterior 3D environments. As with Dust, Titanic's character animation was done by overlaying multiple still photos of actors to create mouth and facial movements. Titanic was commercially successful and received generally positive reviews from gaming critics, who praised the game's story, atmosphere and recreation of the ship, but criticized the character animation and some of the puzzles.
 of the Titanic|left
Titanic: Adventure Out of Time is an adventure game played from a First person (video games)|first-person perspective with a point-and-click interface in which players roam a fully rendered model of the RMS Titanic. The game's control scheme is composed of a keyboard, whose arrow keys control the player's movements, and a mouse, with which the player can interact with objects, characters, select dialogue and options from the HUD interface; these are a lifesaver (which brings the player to the options menu), an inventory bag and a pocket watch that indicates the game's progression.
The puzzles in Titanic rely on collecting and using certain items to advance the story. Dialogue is also a significant aspect of the game. Characters are programmed to remember the player's actions and react accordingly, and thus the choice of dialogue options deeply influences the story's outcome as to what items the player can acquire or the tasks she or he is able to complete. As a result, the game can have a total of eight distinct endings, not all of which present success in the mission.
Time is another important aspect of the game. The story does not occur in real time, with time progressing only if certain tasks and puzzles are completed, as indicated by the aforementioned pocket watch; however, as soon as the player reaches the point in which the Titanic starts sinking, the game progresses in real time, and the player is thus given a time limit to complete the game. As mentioned above, there are multiple endings for the game's completion, some of which result in death.
In addition to the main story, the game also includes a "ship's tour" game mode which features characters in the game narrating certain aspects of the ship, its crew and passengers, and the sinking. These characters can be found in different locations in the ship.
Players assume the role of Frank Carlson, a former British secret agent who failed a mission aboard the RMS Titanic|RMS Titanic; he now lives in an apartment. On 14 April 1942, Carlson is caught in an air raid during the London Blitz and his apartment is bombed. Carlson blacks out, before awakening in a ship quarters, as his younger self. He is informed that he is aboard the RMS Titanic|RMS Titanic; Carlson discovers that he has somehow been summoned back in time to the ship on the night it Sinking of the R.M.S. Titanic|sank. His memory from the original timeline intact, Carlson uses his knowledge of the future to have a second chance to complete his mission.
's  The Courtyard of the Old Residency in Munich appears as a key plot element
The player can also become involved in optional subplots that do not pertain to the central mission or the winning conditions of the game. One subplot involves retrieving a business document stolen by steel magnate Andrew Conkling's maid Shailagh Hacker. Other plots involve helping passengers such as the Lambeths, a wealthy couple whose marriage has deteriorated; Leyland Trask, a psychic from Boston; Reverend Edgar Troutt, a Protestant preacher from New Hampshire who is returning from a mission in Nyasaland; and Max Seidelmann, a businessman from Philadelphia.
The number of objects the player obtains before escaping the ship affects the ending and how history plays out. If the player manages to successfully obtain all four objects, history is altered with World War I, the Russian Revolution, and World War II never occurring.
Afterwards, the character retires after a successful career to a world of peace. Depending on which items the player fails to collect, history will change, but certain wars or revolutions will still occur.
The concept for the game was created by writer and producer Andrew Nelson, who spent ten months working on the game's script, changing the plot and characters in accordance to the needs and demands of the project. Originally the subtitle was "A Race Against Time" to reflect this. Nelson pitched the idea to CyberFlix as a "Steam Punk star ship suspended in a vast void", to an enthused audience, and returned with a completed script after writing it over the summer in a New York City loft in SoHo, Manhattan|Soho. 
CyberFlix's team spent two years researching to ensure the game would be authentic and historically accurate. Apollo 13 screenwriter William Broyles, Jr. served as a historical and photo researcher for the game, collaborating with CyberFlix in finding resources to faithfully re-create the ship and the period the game is set on. Broyles made an extensive use of the Internet and the Library of Congress's online photo department to find historical photos.
Todd Appleton served as lead programmer. The game was developed using CyberFlix's proprietary game engine and software DreamFactory, which was also used by the company to develop Dust: A Tale of the Wired West. The engine allowed the developers to create 3D environments and script the characters so that they retain memory of the player's actions and react differently each time they encounter the player.
To create Titanic GTE Entertainment picked the game for release after Viacom turned it down.
The soundtrack was composed by Erik Holt, with Scott Scheinbaum serving as musical director. Holt cited as inspirations Igor Stravinsky and Joe Satriani, and also studied composers that were popular in 1912, the game's time period, such as Frédéric Chopin|Chopin, Verdi, Rossini, and Mahler, to better evoke both the splendorous and melancholic atmosphere surrounding the Titanic's disaster.
Holt worked for three months on the game's core themes, mixing classical and early 20th-century music with elements of cinematic score. Aside from its original music, the game also features Chopin's Preludes Op. 28 (Chopin)|Prelude Op. 28 No. 7, which plays on the radio in the opening scene.
Titanic: Adventure Out of Time was financially successful, selling over 100,000 copies in its first two months of release. After the release of James Cameron's successful Titanic in 1997, CyberFlix re-promoted its game
WorldVillage's Grace Smith gave Titanic a perfect score of 5/5 and lauded the game's 3D replica of the ship, plot, characters, gameplay and animation. In a review for Just Adventure, Michal Necasek rated Titanic B+ and praised the game's story and its nonlinearity, as well as the accurate reconstruction of the Titanic, saying that it "greatly adds to the atmosphere of [the game]". He also commended the music and voice acting, but criticized the action sequences. GameSpot's Tim McDonald rated the game 6.6 /10, praising its re-creation of the ship and the story, but criticizing the long dialogue sequences and the lack of puzzles. Wojciech Kotas of MacGamer praised the game's plot, graphics and "immersive" gameplay, and called it "one of the better adventure games of 1996".
Adventure Gamers' Heidi Fournier rated the game a 3.5/5 and gave high praise to the exploration of the ship and the storyline, calling the subplots "engrossing", but offered minor criticism regarding some of the puzzles, calling them easy, and the characters' movements. In a 2014 retrospective review of the game, PC Gamer's Richard Cobbett compared it to The Last Express, finding similarities between plot elements, gameplay and calling it its "spiritual cousin". Cobbett overall praised the game, stating that it is an inspired take on the Titanic story that treats it respectfully "while still spinning off into cool new directions."
Adventure Gamers included the game in its list of the Top 100 All-Time Adventure Games, in the 100th position, praising the setting and the timed element as highlights.
On 28 December 2017 a DRM-free version of the game was officially released via GOG.com, officially making it playable on modern Windows systems.
'Citations'
'Bibliography'
'The Last Express' is an adventure video game designed by Jordan Mechner and published by Brøderbund in 1997 for PC. Players take on the role of an American who accepts an invite by a friend to join them on the Orient Express, days before the start of World War I, only to become involved in a maelstrom of treachery, lies, political conspiracies, personal interests, romance and murder, upon boarding the train. The game is unique in how it was created, its linearity (computer and video games)|non-linear story, and in how events in the game are conducted within Real-time (media)|real-time.
The game was a commercial disappointment following its release, but received highly positive reviews and a positive post-release response. A Sony PlayStation port was in development, but was cancelled before it was finished. The game was later reacquired by Mechner, who worked with DotEmu to make portable versions of the game for iOS and Android, and later released a remade version for Steam, entitled The Last Express - Gold Edition.
The game operates primarily from a first-person perspective of the story's lead character when they explore the train, the only time when it is not, is when the player's character sleeps at certain intervals and when the player is on the game's pause menu. Events within the game are scripted and thus occur at specific times denoted by the in-game clock - for example, a character leaving their compartment in order to go to the restaurant car in order to have lunch. When on the pause menu, the player can rewind time, either to a specific point, or to a specific destination on the express' route (i.e. Paris), but can fast forward to a later time, up until the current point in the story that they have reached.
The main areas of the game are within the carriages of the train, with the player able to look around each place they are in, move down corridors, enter and leave compartments, knock on doors, and talk to people. Items within the game can be interacted with, either to be examined, or in some cases, collected by the player for use later on. The game's story features around thirty characters, each of whom has their own artificial intelligence and individual agendas - as such they conduct actions that allow them to complete their own personal goals, only changing their plans due to player intervention -
The game's story features multiple endings, depending on the player's actions. Around thirty of these are game overs, involving the main character being killed or arrested. Four are alternate endings, with only one of these being the "true" ending.
The game's story place in 1914, between 24-27 July, on the last journey made by the Orient Express from Paris to Constantinople (modern Istanbul) before the outbreak of World War I. Much of the game's events occur within the train itself, which consists of two baggage cars, a restaurant car, two sleeping cars, and a private car. The plot written for the game includes many elements of a mystery, including murder, secret plots and deals, lies and personal agendas, as well as featuring notable references to political climates in Europe.
Robert Cath, an American doctor on the run from the British and French police, both of whom suspect he was involved in the murder of an Irish police officer, accepts an invite from his friend Tyler Whitney to join him on the Orient Express, in regards to an important deal he has made. Forced to board the train while it is heading out of Paris, Cath discovers Whitney dead in his compartment, with the only clues he finds being: a mysterious scroll written in Russian and consisting of a simple fairytale; an elaborately designed box that is empty; and a purple and gold scarf with the letter "W" embroidered on it. Assuming his friend's identity and dealing with his body, Cath decides to investigate, and finds a few people of interest amongst the train's passengers: August Schmidt, a German arms dealer whom Whitney had been in contact with; Anna Wolff, an Austria-Hungary|Austrian violinist whom Cath has suspicions about; Vassili Obolensky, a Russian count travelling with his granddaughter, Tatiana Obolenskaya; Alexei Dolnikov, a Russian anarchist and a childhood friend of Tatiana; and Sophie de Bretheuill and Rebecca Norton, a pair of women travelling together. Sometime after dinner is served, Cath finds himself invited to meet with Kronos, an mysterious art collector travelling in a private car with his African servant Kahina, who reveals that Whitney had arranged to exchange an item called the "Firebird" for a large sum of gold, and that he is aware of who Cath is. Shortly after the meeting, Cath finds himself encountering Milos Jovanovic, a Serbian travelling with a group of associates, who mistakenly believes he murdered Whitney until Cath sets him straight, only to learn that his friend had made a deal with him, but learns little on the details. Unable to sleep that night, Cath visits Anna in her compartment upon finding she is still awake, only to be forced at gunpoint to reveal who he is when she informs him that she knows he is not Whitney, having been in his friend's compartment upon his arrival on the train. Anna finds herself forced to drop the matter after the pair overhear Obolensky having a nervous attack. Shortly after Cath helps to treat him as best as he can, he eavesdrop on Anna asking Tatiana to look after something important.
The next day, Cath has a meeting with Milos, who reveals that he and his associate are part of a Serbian outfit called the Black Hand, and learns of the agreement made between Whitney and a Serbian general. Having helped with supporting foreign liberty causes, Whitney had agreed to supply a large cache of weapons to the Serbians, and was given one of Serbia's national treasures to help with the purchase - an elaborately designed music box called the Firebird, which assumes the form of a golden egg when closed, but when opened in a special way, transforms into a beautiful singing mechanical bird, and a whistle designed in the form of a scarab beetle. Whitney had arranged to sell the treasure to Kronos, in exchange for gold coins that he would then use to purchase the arms from Schmidt. With no gold and the treasure missing, Cath finds he must recover them and complete the deal with Schmidt, or face severe consequences. After the meeting, Cath has another meeting with Kronos, whom he finds to be a dangerous and ruthless man, while recovering the whistle from a young French boy, travelling with his family, after he had found it in one of the cars. After the Express departs from Munich with Schmidt's weapons, Cath encounters an Englishman named George Abbot, who is notably inquisitive of his actions the previous night, but also points out certain details that make him uneasy about Abbot's intentions. When Kronos arranges for most of the passengers to attend a small concert in his private car, Cath takes advantage of it to search the compartments of the sleeping cars, finding a letter in Anna's possessions that exposes her as an Austrian spy, and another letter in Schmidt's luggage that makes him suspicious of why he is supplying the Serbians with weapons, before eventually finding the Firebird in Tatiana's compartment, having been entrusted with it by Anna when she found it in Whitney's compartment. Not trusting Kronos, Cath hides the treasure, and then finds his way into Kronos' private chambers in order to borrow the gold he brought along, in order to keep the deal with Schmidt in place. After being forced to return the gold to Kronos at gunpoint before he must leave the train at Vienna, Cath later prevents the Serbians from killing Anna when she decides to investigate the baggage car. Despite him saving her, Anna reveals she was on the train to uncover what the Black Hand were up to, and plans to inform the Austrian authorities at Budapest.
Shortly after the train departs Vienna, Tatiana informs Cath that Alexei intends to murder her grandfather, in regards to certain injustices made against Alexei's father, by detonating a bomb placed on the train. Agreeing to help, Cath finds a detonator within Alexei's compartment and removes it to prevent the bomb being used. Later that night, Cath awakens to a disturbance, and finds Alexei fatally wounded in Obolensky's compartment during a confrontation between the two men; his death mentally scars Tatiana as a direct result. Shortly after finding and defusing a second bomb Alexei crafted, Cath meets with Abbot and discovers him to be a British spy, who had boarded the train to track down a Russian anarchist; knowing who Cath is, Abbott reveals that he suspects him to be innocent in the murder in Ireland, and so offers to clear his name as a result of his actions when he gets into contact with the British authorities. Cath soon visits Anna in her compartment, and the pair share an intimate kiss together. Just as the train begins to reach Budapest, Milos orders the Black Hand to takeover the train and keep it moving, while holding the passengers and staff prisoner, and having Cath and Anna put into the train's rear baggage car. Freeing himself, Cath releases Anna, before dealing with the Serbians, and releasing the passengers and staff, all of whom return to the sleeping cars, except for Abbot, Tatiana, Obolensky, and Anna. Cath then separates the sleeping cars from the train, but not before informing Schmidt of who he really is and that he had been set up by the Germans and Austrians into selling weapons to the Serbians, in order to give both countries an excuse to invade the Balklands. Proceeding to the locomotive, Cath confronts Milos, who is promptly shot by Anna, before keeping the train going and refusing to be stopped by Anna. After the group cross the border into Serbia and narrowly escape pursuit by a Serbian military train, Anna reluctantly accepts the situation and shares a passionate night with Cath.
As the train slowly begins to reach its final destination at Constantinople, Cath and Anna find themselves encountering Kronos and Kahina, both of whom had secretly followed the train and re-boarded it when it had stopped at a station. Revealing that they seek to possess the Firebird and knowing that Cath still has it, Kronos orders him at gunpoint to retrieve it and then open it in his presence, before forcing Anna to play her violin and make it sing. Satisfied that he finally has what he wants and seeing the sun setting, Kronos orders the Firebird to be closed, but Cath refuses. Instead, he blows on the treasure's whistle, causing the Firebird to become a living weapon and lash out against Kronos and Kahina and kill both of them, revealing to Cath how Whitney had died; in the chaos that is caused, both he and Anna jump from the train, just as it pulls into Constantinople. A disturbed Tatiana, wishing for no more bloodshed, soon finds explosives amongst the Serbians' weapons and uses Alexei's lighter to detonate them, killing herself, Abbot and Obolensky, and destroying the train. As Cath and Anna survey the devastation, the pair overhear a Turkish boy crying out that war has broken out in Europe. Revealing that she must return home, Anna promises Robert that she will see him again when the war is over, before parting ways with him.
Mechner founded Smoking Car Productions to create The Last Express. The company was located in San Francisco from 1993-1997 and at its peak had sixty full-time employees.
Mechner saw The Last Express as an opportunity to create a game with a complexity of story and depth of characters comparable to that seen in a film, something he felt he could not accomplish with his games for the Apple II due to hardware limitations.
Image:TLE Rotoscope Example.png|thumb|right|The progression from storyboard to finished scene, top to bottom. Note the distinctive "clown" makeup and lined costumes used on the actors.
The game is notable for its unique art style, with characters illustrated in the "art nouveau" style that was popular in 1914, the year the game's events take place. Since illustrating a game of this magnitude by hand would most likely take an exorbitant amount of time, the look was achieved by using rotoscoping, a process that Mechner had used in Prince of Persia. During a 22-day-long live-action video shoot, every action by every character in the game was photographed by actors wearing distinctive makeup and costumes against a bluescreen on 16mm film and digitized. From this, a limited number of frames were selected and put through a patented process developed in house, where the frames first had all colour removed. Then, a powerful computer program created black-and-white line drawings of the frames, which were then coloured in by hand.Barba, Rick: The Last Express: The Official Strategy Guide, page 194, Prima Press, 1997 The finished product has 40,000 frames in total.Back of box, Brøderbund release of The Last Express, 1997
Following a bidding war between several major game publishers, Brøderbund, SoftBank, and GameBank split the worldwide distribution rights for the game. Dubbed versions of the game were released in French, German, Spanish, Italian, Russian (unofficial bootlegged localization) and Japanese.
The game was released 1997 after five years of development, at a final cost of US$5-6 on a multi-platform 3-CD set that covered Windows, Mac OS, and MS-DOS. The Last Express received highly positive reviews both in print and online. However, the game only remained in stores for a few months.
Brøderbund did little to promote the game, apart from a brief mention in a press release Also, Mechner's company Smoking Car Productions quietly folded.
In 2000, the Fallout (series)|Fallout video game series creator and game publisher Interplay bought the lapsed rights and began quietly selling the game as a budget title. A short time later, Interplay went bankrupt, so the game was once again out of print. In 2006, the American subscription-based game service GameTap began offering the game on its network.
On January 14, 2011, DotEmu released the Special edition|Collector's Edition of the game, which includes the soundtrack, a making-of video and a walkthrough.
Mechner was later able to reacquire the rights to the game and worked in 2012 with DotEmu to release iOS and Android ports of the title. A version for Android was released on August 28, 2013 through the Google Play Store.
On November 21, 2013, DotEmu released also a Gold Edition for PC on Steam. It adds improved user interface and inventory, advanced hint system, achievements and cloud save support.
Running thirty-nine minutes, the soundtrack for The Last Express was published by Intrada Records in 2000, but is no longer in print. It was composed, orchestrated and conducted by American composer born in Czechoslovakia, Elia Cmiral, who later composed the scores for Ronin and Stigmata. Consisting of a mix of dominant synth instruments and occasional solo violin, the score was recorded at Forte Muzika Studios in Los Angeles. The lone exception is the Sonata for Violin and Piano in A major by César Franck featured in the game's concert scene.
As of May 2011, the soundtrack is included as a digital release given away free with the DotEmu and GOG.com versions of The Last Express.
The Last Express received highly positive reviews both in print and online. Newsweek called it "exquisite" and "thrilling" and MSNBC said "the mystery and characters are very fascinating" and "this game is definitely for everyone". Games Magazine declared it the Best New Adventure and Role Playing Game, and it received Editor's Choice awards from PC Gamer, Computer Gaming World, Next Generation, and dozens of game websites, including a gold medal from GamesDomain. In 2010, the game was included as one of the titles in the book 1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die.
The editors of Macworld named The Last Express the best role-playing game of 1997. Steven Levy and Cameron Crotty of the magazine wrote, "What makes The Last Express vividly memorable is the painstaking detail, particularly the lush score and the faithfully rendered sounds of the most famous train ever. So while you may never solve this three-disc conundrum, you'll never forget the ride."
The Last Express was a runner-up for Computer Gaming World
Despite the positive reception, the game was a commercial failure. Released in April, the game sold only about 100,000 copies,
In 2000, Computer Games Strategy Plus named The Last Express one of the "10 Essential Graphic Adventures". The magazine's Steve Bauman wrote, "While it received terrific reviews, and its innovative storytelling engine should have pointed toward a bold new future for interactive fiction, it had disastrously low sales, essentially bankrupting the company that produced it and telling the industry consumers weren't interested in this type of game."
On April 13, 2010, MTV's Movies Blog posted an excerpt from a recent interview with Dutch film director Paul Verhoeven. In the interview, Verhoeven is quoted as saying, "I am working on a movie now that is... situated in 1914. Basically, Indiana Jones-ish you could say, but also Hitchcockian." He also states that the source material is a video game, and that "the writer of the video game has asked me to keep [the identity of the game] secret until he has a script."
In October 2011, Verhoeven confirmed that he is working with Mechner to develop a film adaptation of the game. The film would most likely be filmed in 3D, although it may not be Verhoeven's immediate next project.
'Urban Runner' (originally subtitled Lost In Town) is a French producedhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0207181 computer game developed by Coktel Vision and published by Sierra On-line.
The game is an interactive movie spanning four CD-ROMs. The plot follows an American journalist in Paris who has been framed for murder during the course of an investigation.
Urban Runner was not very popular at the time of its release, due to high graphics and monitor resolution requirements. The minimum requirement was 640×480, with 256 colors. For the best quality, 640×480, 32-bit color was needed. Few reviews have been published concerning the game.
The lead is played by Brandon Massey, who also played the lead in the Sierra title Police Quest IV: Open Season (1993), making this his second and final appearance in a Sierra game.http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1083018
You are Max Gardner (Brandon Massey), an American journalist in Paris, investigating a story about a big drug dealer who is covered by some influential politician. To get the dealer talking, you offer him incriminating photographs in exchange for some information. When Max arrives at the meeting point, the drug lord is dead and Max is mistaken for the killer.
While evading the authorities, Max continues his investigation and finds an ally in Adda - the murdered drug dealer's lover - and the two of them work to uncover the conspiracy behind the murders.
The game itself is an interactive movie controlled with a mouse. As with many games of this type the player progresses by collecting items, talking to characters and solving puzzles. The player will also accumulate Clues - pieces of information which are essential to solving the mystery - which are separate from the inventory and cannot be given away or lost.
Should the player be having difficulty in progressing, they begin the game with three 'Jokers' to use, which act as a hint system.
The player's viewpoint switches from Max to Adda at certain points in the game and sometimes gives the player a choice of which character to control. However, both characters must have the puzzles in their respective areas solved to progress.
Gameplay can be divided into 'Clue' and 'Action' sections. 'Clue' sections are puzzle-based with no time limit; players may have to explore an environment, talk to characters or interact with objects to progress. 'Action' sections give the player a short amount of time to make a decision - making the wrong choice usually results in your character's death.
Urban Runner was developed to run under MS-DOS|DOS and Windows 3.1, making it incompatible with modern Windows computers. However, it is fully playable using the game engine recreation software ScummVM, as part of its support for the Gob engine. (which is used for games developed by Coktel Vision)
'Harvester' is a 1996 point-and-click adventure game written and directed by Gilbert P. Austin, known for its violent content, cult following, and examination of the relationship between fictional violence and actual violence.
The game stars Steve, who awakes with a case of amnesia in a strange town in 1953 called Harvest. He can't remember anything from his past and when he tells the people that claim to be his family, as well as towns people, they all tell him what a "kidder" he is. All of the town inhabitants are extremely eccentric and many appear to be more a satire or stereotype than real people. They all continuously stress to Steve that he should join the Lodge, which is a large building located at the center of town that serves as the headquarters of the Order of the Harvest Moon. Steve visits the Sergeant at Arms at the Lodge, who tells him that all of his questions will be answered inside the building. To enter, he must first join the Order of the Harvest Moon. But in order to join, he must perform a series of tasks that range from simple vandalism to arson for his initiation.
While snooping around town, performing these various tasks and learning more about this bizarre and corrupt town, Steve visits the Pottsdam residence. Here he meets the overweight and perverted Mr. Pottsdam, who tells Steve that he is to marry his daughter, Stephanie, in a few weeks. Steve meets his alleged wife-to-be upstairs and she explains that she has amnesia as well, and, like Steve, notices that something doesn't seem right about the town. Over a series of days Steve successfully performs all of the required tasks and when he visits Stephanie in her room, he finds nothing but a mutilated skull and spinal cord. He takes it to the Sergeant of Arms and asks him if this is really the remains of Stephanie, to which the Sergeant explains that, inside the Lodge, he will learn the truth, and grants Steve access.
Inside the Lodge Steve visits three floors consisting of mayhem and murder. He must solve various puzzles along the way as well as visit different rooms, referred to as "temples" by their occupants, where he must take on several moral decisions. Eventually he makes it to the Inner Sanctum, where he talks to Principal Herrill of Harvest's Gein Memorial School, who explains that he is second in command of the Harvest Order and is to be addressed as Vice Muck Herrill. The head of the Harvest Order, the Grand Muckity Muck, shares a few short words with Steve, and then attacks him. Steve successfully kills the Grand Muckity Muck and meets the Sergeant at Arms one last time.
He reveals Stephanie to him, who is alive but hooked up to a special torture device, which gave her pain whenever Steve climbed a rope in the Lodge. He releases her from the device and explains to Steve that everything in Harvest is created by a virtual reality simulator, which he and Stephanie are hooked up to. The Sergeant at Arms explains that this simulation was created in hopes of successfully turning Steve into a serial killer in real life. He then gives Steve a final ultimatum: Marry and live out the rest of his life and die of old age with Stephanie in the virtual reality that is Harvest or kill Stephanie, where she will die in real life but Steve will be released and free to live in the real world as a serial killer.
If the player chooses to kill Stephanie, they are then shown a film sequence during which Steve beats Stephanie to death and then removes her skull and spinal cord. After the murder is complete, Steve awakens within the virtual reality simulator. Then the player see Steve hitchhiking in a car where he brutally murders the driver. Steve returns home, where he plays Harvester with his computer. His mother disapproves the game and criticizes violence in video games by saying that people who watch violence commit violence. Steve ridicules his mother's assertions and laughs at her comparison of violent media to "Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner|Road Runner cartoons."
If the player chooses to spare Stephanie's life, the Sergeant at Arms expresses disappointment that Steve would choose this ending. Steve says that he'd rather die than become a serial killer, to which the Sergeant at Arms responds that he should enjoy his life "such as it is". The player then views a sequence of clips during which Steve marries Stephanie in a ceremony officiated by the Sergeant at Arms and the two have a child together. Their graves are then shown, followed by the death of their bodies in real life as their virtual lives only lasted a few minutes.
The game utilizes a point and click interface. Players must visit various locations within the game's fictional town of Harvest via an overhead map. By speaking to various townspeople and clicking on special "hotspots", players can learn information and collect items that progress the game's story and play. Harvester also features a fighting system where players can attack other characters by selecting a weapon and then clicking on the target. Both the target and the player's character have a limited amount of health available, allowing for either the player or the target to die. Players can choose to progress through the game by solving puzzles or by killing one of the non-playable characters.
Harvester was first announced to public at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in January 1994 in Las Vegas. The dark and blasphemous content of the game drew a huge amount of attention and created a lot of expectations. The writer/director Gilbert P. Austin was against any kind of censorship and he wanted the game to serve as an examination of the controversy about whether violence in media creates, or is created by, violence in society. Austin finished the creative work in autumn 1994 and moved on to the other projects. The game was set to be released the same year but was instead delayed two years and became a commercial failure. However the game managed to cause controversy. One scene in which children cannibalize their mother was censored in Europe, and in Germany, the game was banned.
The game was designed by DigiFX Interactive and published by Merit Studios in 1996.
Harvester received "mixed or average" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic. PC Gamer gave Harvester a positive review upon its initial release, but panned it in a 2011 review where they called it  the "goriest, most confusing, and above all stupidest horror game ever." They went on to say that they felt that this was indicative of the game as a whole, as "conversations with characters are frustrating and often make little sense, plus the manner in which the plot develops is disappointing." GameSpot's review was mixed, as they felt that there was "nothing actually revolutionary going on in Harvester" but praised the game's full-motion video segments as "truly disturbing" and commented that it had "tried-and-true adventure mechanics with entertaining twists".
Harvester has a fan page on Facebook which produces and releases interviews with the designers and actors of the game. The fan page releases behind-the-scenes photos, unused graphics, old advertisements, and other fan material.
On YouTube, "The Harvester Show" presents and analyzes the original material used to create the game.
David Mullich was the producer and oversaw development of the game, while Raymond Benson wrote its script, dialog, and puzzles, whose writing drew influence from that of David Lynch's Twin Peaks. Incidentally, H. R. Giger did not produce any original artwork for Dark Seed II; artwork that he had previously created was licensed for use in the game. While the character of Mike Dawson was played in the first Dark Seed by actual game developer Mike Dawson, the character in Dark Seed II is instead portrayed by an actor named Chris Gilbert.
Although Mike Dawson saved the world from the "Ancients" in Dark Seed, the experience causes him to undergo a mental breakdown. He returns to his childhood hometown of Crowley, Texas in an attempt to regain his sanity, and moves in with his mother. A year goes by, and Mike is still suffering from serious mental scarring and memory lapses. Worse, Rita, his girlfriend, is found murdered after their high school reunion, and the entire town of Crowley seems convinced that Mike is the culprit, with the exception of his friend Jack. It is evident the "Ancients" have returned, and the only way for Mike to clear his name is by venturing between alternate realities and solving their mysteries, while simultaneously stopping the Ancients from taking over the world.
If Mike dies at any point in the game, he is sent to the Underworld and meets the Keeper of the Souls, who states that Mike is destined to die. If Mike loses another life, he will return to the Underworld and plunge into a River of Blood, while the Keeper of the Scrolls informs the player that the Ancients have consequently created a monster called the "Behemoth," and that it has sucked the "life force" from earth. This will also happen near the game's finale if Mike fails to clear the Dark World mirror maze ahead of the Behemoth, allowing it to cross over into the "Light World" where it becomes immortal.
Mike enters the Dark World counterpart of his home, identical to it in the Light World, and after a seemingly normal greeting from his "mother," her head violently explodes. Mike then sees Rita's head shrouded in the vapors of his mom's cooking, who explains about the Behemoth and that the "Sword" is powerful enough to kill it. Mike obtains the Sword from the Keeper of the Sword, and the Keeper of the Scrolls advises him to take a shortcut through the Dark World mirror maze. If he succeeds, he will successfully kill the monster with his Sword.
Afterward, Mike blows up the Ancients' spaceship, and the Keeper of the Scrolls congratulates him. He wakes up in his psychiatrist's office and finds Jack next to the deceased doctor's body. Mike comes to the realization that Jack is his Dark World counterpart and gets stabbed by him, dying. Sheriff Butler and his deputy enter the scene and, apparently oblivious to Jack's presence, arrive at the conclusion of Mike having committed suicide and indeed being responsible for all the murders that occurred through course of the game. Jack is then seen exiting via the Dark World, leaving it ambiguous as to whether the events of the game really happened or were part of Mike's delusions.
 ('Shadow of Destiny' in North America) is an adventure game developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo and published by Konami. Originally released for the PlayStation 2 in 2001, it was later ported to Xbox (which is only released in Europe) and Microsoft Windows in 2002. A PlayStation Portable version was released on October 1, 2009 in Japan and on January 26, 2010 in North America.
The objective of Shadow of Memories is to guide player character Eike Kusch through the fictional German town of Lebensbaum (Life's Tree) as he travels through time to prevent and unmask his murderer. The gameplay primarily consists of time-traveling through the different eras, finding items, and interacting through dialogue with the non-player characters. Actions taken in one time period affect future ones; for example, if Eike removes a seal from the squire's manor in 1580, the seal will not appear in the present era.
Additionally, the game keeps two digital clocks: one depicting the time in the present-day era and another for whichever era Eike time-travels to. The amount of time Eike spends in the different eras also passes in the present-day one. The cut-scenes and dialogue takes up varying amounts of in-game time. When the clock arrives at the time of Eike's death, the chapter restarts, however, if Eike is not in his time period at the time of his death, the game ends.
Set in a fictional German town named Lebensbaum (Life's Tree), Shadow of Memories revolves around a 22-year-old man named Eike Kusch, who dies in the beginning of the game from being stabbed after leaving a small diner. However, he is resurrected by Homunculus (voiced by Charles Martinet in English), a djinn or genie, who offers to send him back in time to prevent his death and gives him the time-traveling digipad. Eike explores four eras-2001, 1979/1980, 1902 and 1580 to 1584 - as he attempts to unmask his killer and figure out a way of stopping his own murder at various points in the present. Along the way he encounters several characters: Dana, a modern-day waitress whom he accidentally brings back to the year 1580 and loses; the present-day fortune teller, who tells Eike the hour of his death; Eckart Brum, the curator of a private art museum who lost his wife and infant daughter in a shooting; Dr. Wolfgang Wagner, an alchemist living in 1580 with his wife, Helena, and their two children, Hugo and Margarete; and Alfred Brum, the great-grandfather of Eckart.
Given a red stone by Dana, Eike follows the Homunculus' instructions to give the stone to Wagner. Time-traveling ten days later, Eike discovers that the result of Wagner's experiment destroyed the lab and caused Hugo, already upset by his mother's death due to a lingering illness, to build a time machine and track Eike down with the intent of killing him. Depending on the player's actions, Hugo holds either Margarete or Dana hostage in the present and plans to use the red stone, revealed to be the Philosopher's Stone, to resurrect his mother.
Shadow of Memories consists of eight endings, with six available at first. The last two must be unlocked by achieving the first six. The endings are presented in an alphabetical format, A-E, with B having two variations, and then two "EX" endings.  In all endings, he discovers that Homunculus was using him to ensure that he would be "created" (actually unsealed) by Wagner, and returns the digipad to him.
'Ending A:' Eike discovers that Homunculus switched the infants Dana and Margarete after meeting him in the towns park in 1980, making modern-day Dana actually Margarete Wagner and medieval-Margarete actually Dana. Furthermore, after visiting the fortuneteller in the modern day, it is revealed that she is the trapped disembodied spirit of Hugo's mother, Helena Wagner, brought back after a failed attempt by Hugo to resurrect her using unmastered alchemy. Homunculus creates a puppet resembling Wolfgang Wagner to attempt to dissuade Hugo from his plans, and after a short discussion, the puppet and Hugo disappear in a haze of smoke. Homunculus slyly reveals they could not call up the spirit of the real Dr. Wagner-as Eike had requested-because he was in fact not dead yet but Homunculus does not disclose Dr. Wagner's whereabouts.  While returning the digipad to Homunculus, Eike accidentally drops the device, which explodes, killing Homunculus with a single piece of shrapnel striking his cheek(Homunculus had stated on multiple occasions that their body was extremely fragile). Sometime later, it is mentioned that Margarete is now reunited with her biological parents, the Brums, who adopted her, though it appears that none of them are aware of their true relation to each other.  Depending on the outcome of a certain time-travelling sub-quest, Eckart's wife and Margarete's mother, Miriam Brum, may or may not be alive as well (she was implied to have been killed  by a seemingly stray bullet while taking a walk with her baby, in the original time-line). While on a date together in the townsquare, Eike and Margarete (who are implied to now be in a relationship) return to the spot where Homunculus died, only to discover a large full-grown tree which contains the Philosopher's Stone already embedded in its trunk.
'Ending B:' There are two variations to ending B: B1 and B2. In B1, Eike discovers the fortune teller's identity and convinces Hugo to enter the hut to meet with her; Helena causes the building to collapse, killing Hugo, who allows himself to be killed by debris in order to be reunited with his mother (though it is not mentioned if her spirit is actually freed by this).  He then returns Margarete to the past in which she grew up (though the present is actually her birth-era).  B2 sees Hugo attempt to abandon Margarete in the present, only to have Eckart subdue and scold him (neither he nor Margarete are aware of their true relation to each other). Hugo apologizes and returns to the past with Margarete. Both variations conclude with Eike's decision to have a drink at the bar in celebration of living.
'Ending C:' Eike travels to 1580. Hugo searches for his father's research while an elderly Hugo appears with a time machine and offers to teach him to use it. When Eike reveals his presence in an effort to stop young Hugo from listening, the older version panics and tries to escape up the stairs.  Margarete gets in his way, and he threatens and tries to strike her with his cane.  Hugo rushes to stop him, and the two make contact, causing both Hugos cease to exist due to a dimensional paradox.  Margarete collapses, and Eike returns to the present, where he gives the Digipad back.  After Homunculus' departure, Eike lies down in the street to look at the stars praising being alive, only to be run over by two drunk men in a car.
'Ending D:' Eike enters the ruined lab and burns Wagner's notes about the Stone, just as Hugo and Margarete enter. Unable to read the burned notes, Hugo apparently never learns about what his father was working on and thus never desires revenge or create a time machine, causing the Hugo and Margarete in the present to disappear.  Hugo then decides to live his own life.  It is revealed in a flashback that Homunculus is actually a djinn or genie imprisoned in the form of what became known as the Philosopher's Stone, and not at all an artificial life created by Wolfgang Wagner. Upon learning of this from a newly awakened Homunculus (who appears once the Stone evaporates into smoke), Wolfgang suddenly realizes that he has ultimately wasted the majority of his adult life for literally nothing as he has neglected his family by spending virtually all of his time over the years seeking to cure his wife's progressively degenerative illness by attempting to create a Philosopher's Stone in his lab, only for her to die anyway before he ever managed to accomplish anything; with Homunculus' revelation that the Philosopher's Stone is merely just the Homunculus' sealed form and not really an alchemical creation at all, it turns out that it was always impossible to begin with, already right from the very start. Instantly becoming extremely depressed, Wolfgang immediately experiences a nervous breakdown and fervently wishes to be young again like Eike (who he had met earlier and who impressed him with his youthful energy), so as to have a "do-over".  Homunculus callously derides him for his spontaneous emotional outburst and an enraged Wolfgang then tries to reseal them with a pentagram.  This enrages Homunculus in turn and just before they transform into the Stone again, they curse Wolfgang "to suffer the eternal night of youth" (the blessing of eternal youth but saddled with perpetually recurring amnesia) thus filling the room with smoke and lightning.  Once the air clears, Wolfgang Wagner's younger self is revealed to in fact actually be Eike himself (it is subtly hinted earlier in the game in a conversation between Eike and Helena on her deathbed shortly before her death, that Helena finds that Eike's voice sounds shockingly similar to Wolfgang's).  Over the course of the next several centuries, Eike then becomes an immortal wanderer who permanently loses all his long-term memories on a regular periodic basis.
'Ending E:' Eike asks Dana, the actual Margarete Wagner (his biological daughter, based on Ending D, though neither is aware of this), to return with him to the present in which she grew up, and she agrees.  She is held hostage by Hugo (again, neither of them nor Eike are aware of their true relation to each other).  Eike goes to get Margarete and brings her to the present, where she slaps and scolds Hugo.  Tearfully, she tells him she can try and be more like their mother was to them and take care of them both.  Hugo apologizes, then returns to the past with Margarete, who had managed to warn Eike about Hugo's plans. Eike and Dana are then about to intimately share a tender embrace but are suddenly interrupted by Homunculus.  After a brief conversation in which Eike returns the digipad to Homunculus, Eike walks Dana back to her apartment.  It is shown that while Dana says to Eike that she feels that he seems like he would be a "cool dad" as he appears to her to be "with it all", it remains deliberately ambiguous as to whether they still retain any serious romantic attraction for each other after literally years of separation between them on the part of Dana when she was in the Middle Ages; this has caused many fans to speculate that, given their continued flirtatious rapport with each other due to genetic sexual attraction, could possibly lead to future accidental incest on their part as they are actually secretly long-lost father and daughter (further fueled by the ending screen featuring Dana's picture and containing an admission from Eike that he does not know what his future may hold, which may be for the best).  In a flashback, it is shown that Homunculus made Wagner disappear (possibly killing him), after he had wished never to see the creature again.  It is possible this is not actually a flashback, but an epilogue, revealing what happens after Eike gives Dr. Wagner the Stone, which contains the Homunculus he sealed away in another timeline.  This also explains how Eike is able to encounter Homunculus in the ruins of Wagner's house after the experiment fails and why they did not recognize him.
'EX Ending:' This has two variations. Awakening from his first death with all his memories, Eike gets the red stone from the diner before Dana comes looking for him.  
:In EX 1 he gives Dr. Wagner the Philosopher's Stone, which allows him to make an elixir and successfully heals Helena at last.
:In EX 2 Eike dies in the bar fire to enter Homunculus' dimension and throws the Philosopher's Stone at him, causing them to cease to exist as a result of coming into contact with themself. 
Both result in Eike fading away. Regardless of either choice, the final scene is the same. A young man who resembles Eike is walking through the streets in present-day and struck down like before. The object turns out to be a soccer ball that hit him, and the man returns the ball to a boy similar in appearance to Hugo.
Developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, a playable demo of Shadow of Memories debuted at the Tokyo Game Show in September 2000.
The PlayStation 2 version received "favorable" reviews, while the PC and PSP versions received "mixed or average reviews" according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.  In Japan, Famitsu gave the PS2 version a score of 30 out of 40.
Reviewers praised the overall plot of the PS2 version as the game's strength. IGN's David Zdyrko called the story "one of the deepest and most engaging that has ever been told through a videogame." Andrew Vestal of GameSpot enjoyed the idea of the detective in a murder mystery as the intended victim. Writing for Game Revolution, Shawn Sanders liked the time-traveling aspect of the game.
The graphics of the PS2 version received mixed responses. Sanders found the textures of the game "clean and detailed". Zdyrko disliked the low amount of detail on the characters and some of the background, but enjoyed the "lighting and particle effects", particularly the snow and night. Vestal praised the different visual depictions of Lebensbaum, and felt that high level of detail in the backgrounds helped to somewhat counterbalance the low-resolution of the game's graphics. Critics agreed that the full motion videos were well-done, and praised the realistic character animation. 
 
Critics commented on the general absence of action in the gameplay. Sanders considered it the game's greatest flaw and a possible source of frustration for players. The slow beginning to the PS2 version was remarked on by critics, who felt that the game eventually picked up after a while. Additionally, the "stiff" motion of the protagonist when running drew criticism. Reviewers noted the relatively short play time, and felt that the multiple endings enhanced the game's replay value.
The game's soundtrack was well received. Critics wrote that it suited the mood and occasionally helped to build suspense. The voice acting also went over well, with several critics remarking on the quality of it. Zdyrko described it as "first-class" and believable, and commented that since much of the PS2 version consists of dialogue, flawed voice acting might have ruined the game. Vestal considered the voice acting of B-movie quality, but not flawed enough to be a major distraction.
After Shadow of Memories, Kawano wrote and directed another game with a time-traveling element: the 2008 Nintendo DS title Time Hollow; Along the way, he obtains the Hollow Pen, which allows him to create time portals to solve the mystery. Time Hollow continues the "themes of time manipulation and paradoxes", for which Kawano has expressed an interest.
'Alfred Hitchcock Presents: The Final Cut' is a 2002 action-adventure game|action-adventure video game, in the detective-mystery genre.
The Final Cut is a suspenseful adventure game
Robert Marvin-Jones is a billionaire recluse who decides to pay homage to Alfred Hitchcock by making a film in his backyard; however his film crew have gone missing and possibly been brutally murdered. Meanwhile, private detective Joseph Shamley has psychic power.
Jones' niece, a mute named Alicia, asks Shamley to use his powers of deduction to solve the mystery.
According to ActionTrip, "the developers bought the rights to use several famous scenes from [Hitchcock's] movies like Saboteur, Psycho and Torn Curtain in the game".
The game has received a mixed reception, and earned a Metacritic rating of 50% based on 17 critic reviews.
IGN wrote that the game offered "no suspense, puzzles of little interest, poor dialog, a tortuous storyline, and awkward control".
"'How Some Children Played at Slaughtering'" (German: Wie Kinder Schlachtens miteinander gespielt haben, also translated as "How children played slaughtering together") is a set of two short and rather gruesome anecdotes from Grimm's Fairy Tales. It was removed from the book in the second edition, and is missing from most modern editions as well.
; Part One
: In a city named Franecker, located in West Friesland, a group of young children (around 5 or 6 years of age) once played at being a butcher, a cook, a cook's assistant, etc., and killed the child who played as "the pig". The child who played as "the butcher" was arrested and charged for murder, but the town council (which also functioned as a court), never having had such a case before it, was unsure whether to punish such a young child. An old, wise councilor finally came up with a special method to decide if the child was guilty or not. He brought a ripe, appetizing apple and a high-value gold coin, took one in each hand and let the child choose one of them. If "the butcher" chose the apple (presumably proving that the child still had a completely naive mind), then he was innocent, and would be free to go; if he chose the gold coin (presumably proving that a more abstract understanding of values had already developed in the child), the child was guilty, and would be hanged for murder. "The butcher" chose the apple without any hesitation. Therefore, he was released and all charges were dropped.
; Part Two
: One day, two brothers saw their father killing off a pig. They imitated what they saw and the older brother killed his younger brother. Their mother, who was giving the baby a bath, heard her child scream and abandoned the baby in the bath.  When she saw what her eldest child had done, she took the knife out of her younger son's throat, and in her rage stabbed her older son in the heart. When the mother found out that meanwhile the baby had drowned in the tub, she felt an inconsolable desperation and committed suicide by hanging herself. After a long day of work in the field, the father came home. Finding out that his whole family was dead, he soon also died from sadness.
The first recension is copied out of an old book in the Berliner Abendblättern von Kleist (1810. No. 39.). The second is found Martin Zeilers Miscell. Nürnberg 1661. P. 388. who took it from J. Wolf Lectiones Memorabiles. Laving. 1600. folio.
'Murdered: Soul Suspect' is an adventure mystery stealth video game developed by Airtight Games and published in 2014 by Square Enix for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One.
The game is played in a Third person (video games)|third-person view as the player navigates the protagonist, detective Ronan O'Connor, around a fictionalized version of the American town, Salem. The story centers on Ronan as he hunts down an infamous serial murderer stylized 'The Bell Killer'. After getting bumped off by the Bell Killer at the beginning of the game, Ronan returns as a ghost. He is then informed by his long-dead wife, Julia, that he must solve the Bell Killer mystery so he can rejoin her.
Murdered: Soul Suspect received an average reception upon release; most criticisms centered on the poor combat, short length, lack of replay value, and lack of difficulty. The game did however receive praise for some aspects of its story and its original concept.
Murdered: Soul Suspect takes place in a fictionalized version of Salem, Massachusetts|Salem. Played in a Third person (video games)|third-person view, the player navigates the protagonist, Ronan, around town. There are multiple areas in Salem to explore such as a church, an apartment building, and a graveyard. The player completes levels in order to progress further into the game. (25 May 2014). YouTube. Retrieved April 28, 2015. There are hundreds of collectibles in the game, including 'Ghost Girl Messages' and various different types of scraps of paper which contain information about Ronan's life. IGN. Retrieved April 28, 2015. Since the character is a ghost, he has a number of ghostly abilities such as teleportation and possession. IGN. Retrieved April 28, 2015. Each area has clues to collect to progress through the level and the story; the clues are found in a way similar to L.A. Noires investigation sequences.Reynolds, Steve. (June 6, 2014).  HITC Tech. Retrieved April 28, 2015.
In present-day Salem, Massachusetts|Salem, a serial killer known as the Bell Killer begins murdering seemingly unconnected victims. Police Detective Ronan O'Connor is able to track down the Bell Killer, but is thrown out of a window and shot to death during a fight. He returns in the form of a ghost, and learns that in order to reach the afterlife and meet his wife Julia, he must first discover the identity of his killer. With the help of Abigail, the ghost of a Puritan child, Ronan is able to use his ghostly abilities to return to the fight scene, and discovers that a medium named Joy witnessed the fight, and is now hiding in a church.
Joy is in search of her missing mother Cassandra, who was consulting with the police on the Bell Killer case, and initially refuses to help Ronan. He travels to the police station where she is being held, helping her escape so as she can help him interact with the physical world and track down his killer. While leading Joy out of the station, Ronan discovers that Baxter, a hostile fellow officer, was the one working with Cassandra. Cassandra's research leads the pair to the Salem graveyard to investigate a possible Bell Killer victim. After pursuing the ghost of the young drowned girl, Sophia, Ronan's ghostly powers allow him to view flashbacks of the murder. Sophia reveals that the Bell Killer asked her about a 'contract'.
A review of Cassandra's research leads the pair to a mental hospital to find the Bell Killer's surviving victim, Iris. Infiltrating the facility, they learn Iris possesses the same ability to see ghosts and realize the Bell Killer is killing psychic mediums. It is revealed that Iris is possessed by the spirit of her sister, Rose, whom the Bell Killer burned alive after she helped Iris escape. Rose, Iris, and Joy return to the church.  Meanwhile, Ronan investigates a museum exhibit about the Salem witch hunts. There, he deduces that the Bell Killer is executing his victims as if they are witches; psychic flashbacks reveal that Baxter suspiciously concealed evidence at the museum about the Bell Killer. Believing Baxter is the Bell Killer, Ronan leaves the museum and notices several police cars heading toward the church.
Once there, Ronan learns that the Bell Killer attacked the building, crushing Iris to death, and slaughtering several people who stood in his way. Although Joy is safe, she is re-arrested and taken away by Ronan's brother-in-law Rex, the lead detective on the Bell Killer case. Investigating the church, Ronan realizes that the Bell Killer is hiding in the derelict Judgment House. There, Ronan discovers evidence of the Bell Killer's activities and clues implying that the killings have been occurring for hundreds of years.
Ronan discovers Baxter's corpse. Baxter's ghost reveals he was murdered by the Bell Killer while secretly still investigating the case following his demotion.  He also clarifies that he'd been working with Cassandra and she's still alive. In the basement, flashbacks reveal that Abigail had been imprisoned there before she was hanged.  Her execution came as punishment for accusing several innocent people of witchcraft, resulting in their deaths. In anger, Abigail drew a bell symbol on the floor, swearing that she will never stop until the bell tolls for all of the witches in Salem.  She believed they made a contract with demons to gain inhuman powers.
Following the evidence, Ronan returns to the museum to discover that Rex is the Bell Killer, having been possessed by Abigail. As he prepares to hang Joy, Ronan manages to force Abigail's spirit out of Rex, and the pair battle by inflicting painful memories on each other.  These memories reveal that Abigail has possessed many people to carry out the Bell Killer murders before killing the possessed themselves. Among the possessed are Baxter, who she used to kill Rose, and Ronan, who killed Sophia.
Abigail summons a portal of demons to swallow Ronan.  He escapes its pull and forces Abigail in.  She submerges and the portal fades.
Joy is saved and later reunites with her mother.  Rex remains unaware of the crimes committed using his body. In the aftermath, Ronan hears Julia calling him and turns toward her voice.
The game came about because Square-Enix wished to appeal more towards the Western market. Yosuke Shiokawa, a creative director at Square-Enix, came up with the idea of a game where the player was a ghost and pitched it to the development team at Airtight Games.He reasoned that he wouldn't and that "even as a ghost he's going to try and save the people in Nakatomi Plaza, including his wife. which led to the initial concept of the game. 
The team had trouble at first integrating Western and Eastern philosophies regarding ghosts. About the process, Brunner later stated "There are a lot of assumptions that we weren't even aware of, that we were making on both sides, about how to fictionally support who you are as a character in this world. It took us, I would say, a good year and a half of constant back-and-forth to get that sense of, "What, really? Oh", so that's what you're talking about."
Murdered: Soul Suspect received an average reception upon release; most criticisms centered around the poor combat, short length, lack of replay value, and lack of difficulty. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PlayStation 4 version 61.29% based on 41 reviews and 59/100 based on 60 reviews, the Microsoft Windows version 58.00% based on 12 reviews and 59/100 based on 22 reviews and the Xbox One version 55.76% based on 17 reviews and 50/100 based on 16 reviews.
IGN's Lucy O'Brien gave the game a 5.5 out of 10 calling it "Mediocre" and saying: "There are some great concepts in Murdered: Soul Suspect, but they feel undercooked or underutilised, and the lack of demand for any real input from us makes Murdered feel like a pick-a-path game where there's only one path. It scrapes by on the power of its central whodunnit mystery, but I can't help but feel that Murdered: Soul Suspect is ten hours worth of unfinished business."
GameSpot's Tom McShea was slightly less negative in giving the game a 6 out of 10; he praised certain aspects of the story saying: "Despite [the] issues, at no point was I disenchanted by Soul Suspect. Even though I recognized how ludicrous the game often was, I was still invested in the story that was slowly unfolding." McShea wrapped up the review by saying: "Murdered: Soul Suspect has a lot more spirit than its taciturn protagonist could ever muster."Tom McShea. (June 5, 2014).  GameSpot Retrieved April 26, 2015.
Andrew Reiner of Game Informer gave the game a 6.5 out of 10; he summed up his review by saying "This is one of those games that I find myself raving about one second, and dragging through the mud the next. Is it worth your time? I think so. Despite its numerous shortcomings, I was entertained to the point of not wanting to put it down. It's a satisfying murder mystery and a sub-par game all rolled in one. The story won out in the end for me. If you can tolerate the shoddy investigation gameplay, there's plenty of fun (and wrong guessing) to be had."
. It narrates the events and cases encountered by Kaoru Utsumi, a rookie detective, and Manabu Yukawa, a university associate professor, as the two pair up to solve many mysterious cases. Galileo SP was aired on October 4, 2008 on the same day as the release of the film The Devotion of Suspect X.
A second series began airing on Fuji TV on April 15, 2013 and ended with an adaption of the novel Salvation of a Saint. The second movie, titled , premiered in both Japan and Hong Kong on June 29, 2013.
Kaoru Utsumi, a rookie detective who has just been reassigned to the criminal division, finds the investigation of her first murder case stalled by seemingly-supernatural phenomena surrounding the event. She seeks help from Shunpei Kusanagi, a senior detective at the police headquarter famous as a "Mystery Hunter". Kusanagi, however, reveals to Utsumi that he was only able to solve the cases thanks to his college friend, Teito University professor Manabu Yukawa. Yukawa is a tall, handsome, brilliant but eccentric scientist who is interested in nothing but physics, while Utsumi is a hot-blooded detective with a strong sense of justice. Together, the odd pair solves many difficult and seemingly impossible events with their individual talents.
! Episode !! Title !! Writer !! Director !! Original airdate
! Episode !! Title !! Writer !! Director !! Original airdate
|- 
! Season
! Timeslot
! Season premiere
! Season finale
! Rating(Kanto)
! Rating(Kansai)
|- 
! 1
| Monday 9:00 p.m.
| October 15, 2007
| December 17, 2007
| 21.91
| 22.45
'Vampyr' is an upcoming Action role-playing game|action role-playing video game developed by Dontnod Entertainment and published by Focus Home Interactive for release on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on 5 June 2018.
 
Vampyr takes place in London during the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic, whose setting was researched by travelling there, consulting history books and documentaries. The visuals were made with fictional and factual reference points in mind. Olivier Deriviere composed the original score.
If one so chooses, anyone in the game could be targeted, which will have consequences that affect the citizens of London. Reid can turn people into vampires and will only be able to enter a house with an invitation. Locals each have their different backgrounds, relationships and daily routines. If killed, they will impart to Reid their last thought. The "Mesmerise" ability can determine the behaviour of weaker targets, like coercing them into revealing important information or guiding them to less conspicuous areas so as to feed without resorting to combat. Feeding on human blood will unlock new vampiric powers in addition to providing nourishment. With crafted medicine, Reid can heal injured or sick victims, whom if eaten, will yield more experience points in the process; the rate of their affliction can be viewed using Reid's vampire senses. His senses will also detect blood. Each of the four districts will have a score based on the average health of its citizens. Reid navigates the city of London using a waypoint with icons leading to a given destination.
Reid can wield improvised melee weapons, such as a saw, as well as ranged weapons including the Webley Revolver. Being able to use three-hit combos, dodge rolls, and parrying, he can fight against other vampires like hima secret society of vampire slayers. Bosses are also featured. Reid is adaptable to other vampire features, like the claws of a Vulkod. Weapon improvement through crafting is made possible by looting items from the bodies of victims. While using vampiric powers in combat, the character's blood bar drains. This forces him to feed so he can immediately replenish his strength. With the vitality attained from killing a human being, he can boil the blood of his enemies, cast blood spears, throw mist bombs, and turn invisible. Reid uses his control of shadows to hide himself and strike at his opponents. He can use "Spring" to scale locations otherwise out of reach and charge more rapidly across gaps, which once upgraded can do damage on impact and grant temporary invincibility. Rushing forward at unusual momentum may be deployed to avoid combat altogether.
Development of Vampyr began with a team of 60 people-later expanded to around 80-many of whom worked on Dontnod Entertainment's previous project Life Is Strange. For a short time, the developer considered to set the game in 1950s America, but after narrative director Stéphane Beauverger joined the project, it was discarded to inspire a more gothic mood with focus on the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic, set in London. The paintings of Phil Hale influenced the art style, also for the purpose of atmosphere.
After a technical issue delayed it from its original November 2017 launch date, Vampyr was rescheduled to be released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in Q1/Q2 2018. Those who pre-order the game will gain access to bonus downloadable content (DLC) called "The Hunters Heirlooms", which contains an exclusive sword, pistol, and outfit. Focus Home Interactive will consider Vampyr successful if one million copies are sold, but said that selling half would nevertheless be profitable. A four-episode making-of video series was released starting in January 2018. The fourth episode in the series revealed that Vampyr would be released on 5 June 2018.
Following its appearance at E3 2017, Vampyr received one of GamesRadar's Best of E3 awards and was nominated for GamesBeat's Unreal Underdog award and Game Critics Awards' Best RPG award.
 
'Queen of Angels' is a 1990 science fiction novel written by Greg Bear. It was nominated for the Hugo, John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel|Campbell and Locus Awards in 1991. It was followed by a sequel, "/", also known as Slant.
Queen of Angels describes our world just prior to the binary millennium (2048 AD) through several parallel (and to some degree interlocking) tales. Nanotechnology has transformed almost every aspect of American society, and its application to psychology, psychiatry, and neuroscience has resulted in new techniques for mental "therapy" that have created new forms of social stratification. Increasingly, individuals are "therapied" - that is, by means of "nano-therapy", they are turned into well-integrated personalities capable of productive work and constructive social interaction which does not threaten the social order. Therapied individuals have access to the best jobs. There are two other classes: the "high naturals", who possess such a positive mental makeup that they don't need any therapy, and the "untherapied", who find themselves increasingly marginalized.
The central unifying element involves a famous writer, Emmanuel Goldsmith, who has committed a gruesome series of murders, a crime almost unheard of in the age of therapy. One storyline involves Mary Choy, a high natural police detective assigned to the case to track down and arrest the murderer. Mary is a transform - she has chosen to have her body extensively altered by nanotechnology, both to enhance her abilities as a policewoman and for aesthetic reasons.
A second storyline involves Richard Fettle, a good friend of the murderer, also an untherapied writer, who must come to terms with what happened to his friend and how his life-and that of artists, and all of the untherapied-must change. The third plot line concerns Martin Burke, a pioneer in psychotherapy who uses a technique which allows him to directly enter and interact with a patient's psychology - the "Country of the Mind" - through a sort of virtual reality. Although in a position of disgrace at the story's opening, Dr. Burke is given the opportunity to use his technique to explore Goldsmith's mind, which turns out to be one of the most fascinating and dangerous minds imaginable.
Finally, the fourth plotline considers the nature of artificial intelligence, as an AI robot space probe discovers life on a planet in the Alpha Centauri system, and simultaneously achieves its own independent self-awareness, as does its twin back on Earth.
The novel deals with issues of technology, identity, the nature of justice, and the existence of consciousness and the soul.  Queen of Angels, set in 2047, was written just before the creation of the first website in 1991 and describes a global network based on the exchange of text (a sort of super USENET), whereas the sequel, Slant, set in 2055 and written in 1997 after the coming of the World Wide Web, describes a global network which has inexplicably changed to resemble a vast shared virtual reality.
Also in the novel is "Citizen Oversight"-a quasi-governmental agency that collects data on citizens: medical, financial, legal. It also collects information from public sources such as video cameras with facial recognition and has the ability to track individuals. Local police agencies can appeal to Citizen Oversight to conduct a query on an individual and Citizen Oversight may or may not give out the requested information based on their interpretation of the "Raphkind Amendment".
'Uncle John' is a 2015 American film directed by Steven Piet, who co-wrote it with producer Erik Crary.  It stars John Ashton in the title role as a respected and well-liked townsperson who murders a local bully.  John must deal with a spontaneous visit by his nephew (Alex Moffat), who has brought along his love interest (Jenna Lyng), and the suspicions of the murdered man's brother (Ronnie Gene Blevins).  The story blends elements of thriller, romantic comedy, and crime drama films.  The film premiered at SXSW on March 16, 2015, and received a limited release from Filmbuff on September 18, 2015.
John, a respected and well-liked carpenter in his small Wisconsin town, murders local town bully Dutch Miller.  While disposing of the body in a bonfire, John accepts help from a friend, who becomes concerned when he notices traces of blood on John's clothes.  John explains that he must have scratched himself while gathering wood.  When he is alone, he sifts through the ashes to smash pieces of tooth and bone that remain.
In Chicago, John's nephew Ben becomes infatuated with a new coworker, Kate, at an advertising agency.  After becoming friends, they meet for drinks at a bar.  Ben describes how his uncle raised him after his mother died and father abandoned him.  Although disappointed that Kate has a rule against dating co-workers, Ben accepts her help in setting up a one-night-stand at a bar.  When she asks him to reciprocate the next day, they discuss what they look for in sexual partners.  Kate says she likes strong men who are good with their hands, and Ben tells her that his uncle is a carpenter.  Ben tries to kiss her, but she reminds him of her rule against dating coworkers; he awkwardly apologizes the next day.
As Kate and Ben grow closer, John and his friends gossip together about the town's inhabitants.  Dutch is revealed to have become a born-again Christian, and as penance for his prior troublemaking, has been confessing to various people and apologizing.  When his friends ask John whether Dutch had come to him about his sister, John says he has not seen Dutch in years.  Dutch's brother, Danny, is also rumored to suspect his brother of having been murdered.  John later runs into Danny near where Dutch's abandoned truck was found, and Danny says he has been taking note of all people who pass by for the past few days, on the belief that the killer will return to the scene of the crime.  The sheriff stops by John's house to warn him that Danny has grown suspicious of several people, including John.
While discussing their favorite restaurants, Kate suggests a spontaneous road trip to visit Ben's hometown.  There, they visit John, and all meet up with Danny.  Danny storms off after John denies meeting with Dutch and refuses to discuss what happened between Dutch and John's sister, who apparently committed suicide when Dutch broke off their affair.  That night, Ben and Kate admit their attraction to each other and make out, while John kills Danny, who has come onto his property with a pistol, gasoline, and lighter.  While driving back, Kate describes her family, who she says are all crazy because of their quirks; Ben says that his uncle is normal.  As John burns Danny's corpse in a bonfire, the sheriff comes by to warn him about Danny, who has gone missing but left behind a pistol in his car.
Shooting took place in Chicago, Illinois, and Prairie du Sac and Lodi, Wisconsin.
Uncle John premiered at SXSW on March 16, 2015.
Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 80% of ten surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating is 7.9/10.
'Evil Head' is a 2012 American pornographic horror film written and directed by Doug Sakmann,  
The group ignores the reel, and while Shelly goes to lie down, Ash, Linda, and Scotty have a threesome in a bedroom. Shelly walks in on the trio and, distraught over Scotty's infidelity, runs out into the forest, where she is violated by possessed trees that turn her into a "Deadite". Shelly returns to the cabin, knocks Ash out, and stabs Linda with a piece of bark that she pulls out of her vagina, infecting the other woman with the evil. Shelly proceeds to seduce Scotty, have sex with him, and rip his throat and testicles out.
When Shelly tries to attack Linda, Ash fends her off with a fireplace poker, and locks her in the cellar, but she escapes, and begins having sex with the now demonic Linda. Aroused by the sight of the two Deadites going at it, Ash tries fingering Shelly, which results in his hand becoming possessed. Ash is forced to cut his hand off with a chainsaw, which he then uses to kill Shelly by forcing her to "ride" the tool's blade.
Linda, who has returned to normal, confronts Ash with a locket identical to the one that he had earlier given her. Inside the locket is a picture of Ash having sex with another woman, which angers Linda to the point of causing her to turn back into a Deadite. Ash and Linda wind up having sex; afterward, Ash beheads Linda with the chainsaw, and takes her body out into the woods to dispose of it. Linda's still-living severed head taunts Ash, annoying him into masturbating onto it out of spite.
Ash returns to the cabin, and goes into hysterics when the furniture and fixtures (including a mounted deer head) go haywire. Outside, Linda (who has reattached her head) rises from the grave, along with Deadite versions of two of Ash's ex-girlfriends. Ash tries to kill the Deadites with the chainsaw (which he has replaced his missing hand with) but it will not start, leaving him unable to fight off the demonesses as they force him into an orgy. The reverse gangbang ends with Ash using the now functional chainsaw to dismember the undead women as he quips, "Groovy!"
Ain't It Cool News responded positively to the film, noting that it was "a humorous homage" and that "the story bits, what little there are, are pretty entertaining" before concluding, "Sure, there will be those who will turn their noses up to Evil Head, but in this wide world of horror, surely there is room for the porn horror subgenre; especially in this case when it apes the original so well". Peter Warren of AVN gave Evil Head a perfect score of 5, finding it to be "every bit the rollicking rollercoaster ride of gleeful grotesquery one could hope for" and "without question one of the most outstanding productions to ever come out of Burning Angel".  
A grade of 3/5 was given to Evil Head by Inked Angels, which opined, "The sex parts are just mediocre. Burning Angel has released a lot hotter and better material than this before".  
'Murder Collection V.1' is a 2009 American horror anthology film written and directed by Fred Vogel, and co-written by Don Moore, Shelby Vogel, and Jerami Cruise.  
The film's opening explains that in 1994 a web series called Murder, which broadcast footage of actual deaths and acts of violence, appeared. After being active for four months, Murder was shut down by the authorities and had all of its content confiscated, though the website's host, a man known only as Balan, evaded capture. Now, years later, Balan has reemerged to share more clips that he has unearthed, while also offering commentary on people's obsession with death, the effect it has on them, and how accessible new media has made it. The series of videos is kicked off by Balan querying, "I ask you all... Why are you watching? Are you trying to find reality? Do you feel the need to be shocked? To witness something that human eyes shouldn't see? Murder is reality. Death comes when you least expect it. With what you are about to observe, you may question your own integrity. You will ask, could this happen to me? My answer to you is... Yes it can."
After the last clip, Balan delivers the closing statement, "You realize now it's everywhere. Death casts a shadow on all our faces. The new media shines light on dank crevasses, revealing moral decay and broken experiences that are better left beyond the pale. Goosebumps explode on my skin with every clip we watch. I feel it now more than ever. How do you feel?"
Ryan Doom of JoBlo.com|Arrow in the Head gave Murder Collection V.1 a 2/4 and wrote, "In the end, I think it's an interesting exercise, but I don't know if it makes it a good movie. This isn't the type of film that I suspect most viewers would revisit often, if at all. Instead, it's just an experiment that people will dig or not, depending on how much violence and gore they can stomach without a story for context. While it captivated me at times with certain segments, others seemed unnecessary or overdone. But maybe that's just me".  
'Cognition: An Erica Reed Thriller' is a 4-part episodic point-and-click graphic adventure game released by Phoenix Online Studios for multiple platforms.  Funded through Kickstarter in 2011, four episodes were released on the PC and Mac, with the first two on the iPad.  Jane Jensen, creator of the Sierra On-Line Gabriel Knight series, was a story consultant for the development of the game.
The first episode, The Hangman, was released on October 30, 2012 and the final episode, The Cain Killer, was released on September 19, 2013.
The story of Cognition revolves around Boston FBI agent Erica Reed, who has the unusual ability of postcognition, the ability to see into the past of any object that she touches.  At first this power can't be controlled, but, after training with an antique shop owner named Rose, Erica is not only able to control her power, but use it in different ways.  From seeing brief glimpses of the past on an object to helping someone regain lost memories to combining objects to see a vision of a scene where they were together, each ability is useful to help solve each murder mystery. The only person who knows her secret is her partner, John McCoy.
Each episode focuses on a different serial killer and covers a contained story arc while continuing the overarching story of the entire game: Erica's search for the Cain Killer, who murdered her brother Scott but was never caught. After losing her brother three years previous to the start of the game, Erica is determined to track down his killer to the point of obsession.  She gets taken off the case by her boss, and is moved onto others under their jurisdiction.  But as the game progresses, it becomes clear that these seemingly unrelated killings all have clues that only Erica can find, meaning that someone else knows her secret and wants something from her-someone who has a grudge with the FBI. As Erica gets closer to the truth, with people around her dying and being hurt, she also gets closer to her goal of finding the Cain Killer. But she must make her choice between justice and revenge when the moment comes.
Each episode provides around 3-6 hours of gameplay. by Tech-Gaming
It is three years after the death of Scott Reed, FBI agent Erica Reed's brother, and she is still on the case of his killer.  Unfortunately, the director of the Boston branch, Madison Davies, has closed the file on his murder, despite Erica's protest.  In the middle of the night, just as she was finishing up, her partner, John McCoy, tells her that the FBI has been called in to investigate the hanging of an unknown man.
Looking over the scene, taking evidence, and talking to other agents, Erica is able to deduce how the man died.  But not everything is as it seems.  Using her unstable cognitive powers, she manages to find a piece of a child's wooden toy.  Urged by her partner to seek out an antiques dealer by the name of Rose, Erica begins her journey to unlocking more mysteries of her latent abilities.  And finding out that the item is one part of a French toy called a Le Pendu, and that other parts are left behind by the killer as clues.
As she gathers these pieces to unlock another clue, a mysterious text is sent to her cell phone that brings to her attention an old case of a similar style.  Following this trail leads Erica to Robert Goodman, the husband of the previously hanged victim.  Trying to bring forth a long forgotten memory about the day she died, Erica learns her second power of regression.  After sorting out the memory fragments, she uncovers the name of the murderer: Antony Longmore.
Unfortunately, it is found out that the body discovered WAS Longmore.  Erica soon discovers that the next victim is her boss, Davies.  After an intense shootout in a church, Davies ends up dead, her neck snapped by a noose.  Erica is left wondering why she was targeted and by whom.
Right after Davies' tragic death, Erica and other agents involved are brought in to be debriefed by the new director of the Boston branch, Samuel McAdams.  McAdams was the Director there years ago, and is returning now to act as the interim director. During her grilling, both Erica and McAdams hear a noise coming from the main office and go out to investigate.  Jared "Sully" Sullivan, a fellow agent with whom Erica has an on-again/off-again relationship, is seen dragged off by the new office assistant, who leaves behind Sully's ear and a silver musical charm.
The current case being handled by Sully, "The Wise Monkey", is now tossed into Erica's lap.  The serial killer is named such due to her MO of cutting out the eyes, ears, and tongues of her victims.  She also leaves small musical charms on their bodies.  The lead suspect is a student at the Berklee College of Music, Kelsey Gardner, and the investigation revolves around trying to learn her whereabouts and what motive she could possibly have for killing the victims.
Erica goes to see the dean of the college, Kelsey's apartment, Kelsey's former roommate, and her boyfriend's (Joey Goethals) place of work and residence.  During her investigation, Erica discovers that the dean is secretly using loan money to fund extravagant purchases and that Kelsey confronted him about it whereupon her life was turned upside down because of his embezzlement.
Through the use of another ability gained thanks to Rose's help, called "synergy", Erica is able to use the six charms that she has collected up to this point together to get a vision of the same alley where "The Hangman" was killed.  Seeing the past brought on by these charms, she realizes that Joey is the killer, not Kelsey.  Kelsey was in fact, Joey's first victim and he was cutting out his other victims' sense organs to make her perfect again, after feeling remorse over killing her.  However, we also find out that he became a victim of his own modus operandi.
The final confrontation takes place at Joey's hideout, where Erica has to figure out the way to rescue Sully who's trapped and next in line to be killed.  Thankfully, she manages to get inside quickly enough to save him.  The end of the episode shows Joey being tossed off a balcony of the Enthon Towers apartments.
Throughout the first two episodes, Erica is introduced to Cordelia Smith.  She also lost a brother six years ago and is first seen confronting Erica about stealing a rose for Scott's grave at the cemetery.  Getting over this quickly, they hit it off from the start and talk about their brothers.  It is also discovered that Cordelia lives at the Enthon Towers and that she was afraid that someone was out to get her.  Through subterfuge, Erica manages to send a police car to keep tabs on the place.
The entirety of The Oracle takes place at the Towers and the player is constantly shifting between Cordelia's past and Erica's present.  It is revealed very early on in the episode that Cordelia is also a psion, with the power of precognition (she can see the future).  It is also revealed that she is the one that killed off Longmore, Davies, Goethals, and kidnapped Sully.
Erica tries to enter the Towers, but is blocked from doing so by McAdams and an elderly man by the name of Skorobeus.  Managing to sneak in, she goes looking for McCoy who went investigating the death of Joey Goethals.  From this point forward the episode has many flashbacks of what happened six years ago to the Smith family.  For they owned the Towers and this tells the tale of how Max Smith died at the hands of Cordelia.
In her visions of the future, Cordelia saw herself shooting and killing her brother.  She goes to the FBI and begs John McCoy to help because the agents investigating Max, Davies and McAdams, don't believe her.  Through a series of four flashbacks where the player controls Cordelia and investigates the penthouse in the present as Erica, we discover that Skorobeus and Max are involved in some financial disputes. It is eventually revealed that Cordelia's other brother, Keith, is in fact elder gentleman's son, though he does not know this.
Following a hidden pathway to a sub-basement level, Erica confronts John who admits to knowing everything that happened leading up to her brother's death at the hands of the killer and demands to know why he didn't say anything.  Discovering Keith's heavily injured and bandaged body (from the confrontation three years ago during a struggle with Erica) chained up in the room, they find out that Cordelia had kept him down there to do her dirty work to get Erica involved. After releasing him, Erica finds out that Keith is the Cain Killer that Erica has been searching for the past three years (and three episodes).
The episode ends as Erica accidentally shoots John, caught in the fear that her vision of herself getting shot by an shadowy figure was coming true.
The series finale starts off with a flashback set three years ago, prior to Scott's abduction and subsequent death.  On the trail of the Cain Killer, Erica and John have arrived at a warehouse and she is preparing to infiltrate a contact of Cain's to find out information on the serial killer's whereabouts.  Her cover is eventually blown and she discovers, much to her horror, that Scott has been taken by Cain and is waiting for her arrival to complete his macabre scene.  She rushes to the cemetery, and since what follows has already been dealt with at the beginning of the first episode, the scene fades to Scott's funeral.
Fade to Cordelia's point-of-view.  She tracks Keith to an old family lake house and tries to figure out how to confront him for she knows what he's done and will do.  Having already met his flaming fate at the hands of Erica, burn scars are all over him and he's in the bathroom trying to clean up.  Cordelia looks around and finds implements of his MO and grabs some powder to subdue him.  Knocking him out, she takes him away.
In the present day and we see Erica and Cordelia talking.  After a brief kiss, Cordelia tells Erica to ask Rose about Bao Thanh.  Arriving at the antique shop, Erica uses her regression ability to help solidify this memory and reveal that not only was Bao Thanh as psion but so is Rose-she can read minds.  That is why she was helping both Erica and Cordelia with their abilities.
Moving on, Erica returns to the FBI station and is pulled from duty by McAdams because of what she did to John at the end of the previous episode.  Furious, she nonetheless sneaks into the interrogation room and roughs up Skorobeus to find out that Keith used to work out of the Smith family lake house.  Rushing over there, she meets up with Cordelia and after a tense conversation the two agree to work together to take down Keith.
Discovering his room of horrors in the basement, the two use their combined abilities of being able to see the past and future to uncover his next target: Erica's father.  Before they can leave, McAdams shows up and takes Erica into custody while Cordelia gets away.  Whether she can convince the director to help her or not, they end up back at the cemetery where it all started and Erica has to work with Cordelia again to save her father.  In one final epic confrontation with the Cain Killer, Cordelia sacrifices her own life to take out Cain, and to save Erica from choosing revenge over justice as she once did. In the epilogue, it is revealed that Erica is leaving the FBI to look for and help other psions, and that John died after the shooting in Episode 3, though Erica appears to use her powers to talk to an image of him. She goes to see Sully in the hospital, bringing him the lunch he asked her out for back in the first episode.
Phoenix Online Studios ran a Kickstarter campaign from October 29, 2011 through December 10, 2011 to fund for Cognition.  Their goal was $25,000 and they brought in $34,247  by November 21. Following the campaign, the team began developing the game, using the Unity engine.
Skype and Dropbox were used for inter-team communication.  The script was written by Cesar Bittar, Katie Hallahan and Nick Bryan, and music composed by Austin Haynes.  Jane Jensen acted as a story consultant, to help streamline the story, with Robert Holmes composing a song for the game.  Raleigh Holmes was selected to voice Erica Reed and sing the song, "The Taking", with the Scarlet Furies.
Overall, Cognition has been viewed positively, with praise given to the story, production values, audio and music. by Expansive DLC  Upon release, reviewers commented on graphical issues, such as clipping issues and erratic walking animations, by Altered Confusion but these have since been patched.  Erica's use of cognitive powers as a gameplay mechanic was positively received by fans and reviewers.
Critical reception generally increased as the series continued, excepting the final episode which received mixed reviews.   During the online release party for the final episode, The Cain Killer, Phoenix suggested that a second season is planned. by KickstartVentures
'Redacted' is a 2007 American war film written and directed by Brian De Palma. It is a fictional dramatization, loosely based on the 2006 Mahmudiyah killings in Mahmoudiyah, Iraq, when U.S. Army soldiers raped an Iraqi girl and murdered her along with her family. This film, which is a companion to an earlier film by De Palma, 1989's Casualties of War, was shot in Jordan.
Redacted premiered at the 2007 Venice Film Festival, where it earned a Silver Lion "best director" award.
In early April 2006, Private First Class Angel "Sally" Salazar (Izzy Diaz), a young United States Army soldier serving in the Iraq War, is an aspiring filmmaker who enlisted in the U.S. Army to help him get into film school, as he "did not get into USC". Salazar, based out of Camp "The Oven" Carolina, near Samarra, Iraq, is using his camcorder to record an amateur documentary, Tell Me No Lies, about his deployment in Samarra, to present to a film school of his choice as part of his future enrollment there as a student. Meanwhile, a French documentary crew is shooting a documentary called Barrage while they are embedded with Salazar's platoon.
The French documentary crew films the soldiers performing their routine duties as they man a random checkpoint as part of their deployment in Iraq, to help curtail insurgent logistics. Using mirrors and bomb-sniffing dogs, the soldiers spend their days searching cars at the checkpoint. One day, the French documentary crew manages to videotape an incident in which Private First Class Reno Flake (Patrick Carroll), while manning a Humvee-mounted M2 Browning machine gun, fires on a speeding car that tries to rush through the checkpoint. A pregnant woman who was a passenger in the car, is shot and is rushed to the hospital by her husband, and later dies. It is later revealed that the husband, the driver of the car, was simply trying to get his pregnant wife to the hospital, as she was in labor, and misinterpreted the soldiers' commands to stop, believing that they were telling him that he was clear to proceed on through.
Back at Camp Carolina, Salazar, camcorder in hand, asks Flake how he felt about killing a pregnant woman, and he replies that he felt "nothing", and that it was like "gutting catfish". When Specialist Lawyer McCoy (Rob Devaney), a married, college-educated soldier, is disgusted by this response, Salazar and McCoy press the issue further, and Flake offers a sarcastic, facetious apology to Salazar's camcorder, enjoying the limelight, which further inflames the situation. Sergeant Jim Vazquez (Mike Figueroa) defuses the situation before it gets out of hand, stating that, under the rules of engagement (ROE), Flake's actions were justified.
While on a foot patrol, one of the more experienced soldiers, Master Sergeant Sweet, is killed after stepping on an IED, causing it to detonate. Flake and his friend SPC B.B. Rush (Daniel Stewart Sherman) are enraged by Sweet's death and wish to take revenge by attacking some Iraqis. During a poker game, Flake and Rush announce their plan to go to the house of an Iraqi family with the goal of raping a 15-year-old girl who is one of the family members. Despite objections from Blix and McCoy, Flake and Rush friend carry out their plan, with Salazar and McCoy accompanying them, the former to videotape the incident and the latter in the hopes of stopping them.
McCoy tries to stop the pair, but he is ordered out of the house at gunpoint. Flake and Rush rape the girl as Salazar films the events using a hidden helmet-mounted video-camera. Afterwards, the girl and her entire family are killed and the girl is burned. McCoy tries to tell Blix about the rape, when Rush confronts the two. Rush grabs McCoy, putting him in a choke-hold at knife-point, demanding he not to report the rape. Afterwards, McCoy is deeply disturbed by the rape and murders, and he tells his father about the incident via webcam. His father, citing the Abu Ghraib incident, urges him not to report the incident, fearing the publicity generated by it would diminish the reputation of the U.S. in the eyes of the world. Regardless, McCoy ignores his father's objections and reports the rape, going to the Criminal Investigation Division (CID) to make them aware of the crimes and they subsequently interview him. Salazar too is disturbed by the scenes he recorded, and he meets with an army psychologist to discuss his deteriorating mental state.
While busy making a video for his mother during a foot patrol, a preoccupied Salazar is kidnapped by Iraqi insurgents at knife-point and driven away in a van. Rush notices Salazar missing and his camera, which was left behind during the kidnapping. Later, Salazar is beheaded alive by the insurgents and a video of his murder uploaded onto the internet. Before beheading him, the insurgents claim that his beheading was retribution for Farah's rape. Salazar's decapitated corpse is discovered by a Bedouin man and subsequently retrieved by U.S. soldiers. The U.S. tries to frame the rape and murder as being perpetrated by insurgents, but a relative rejects the claim, stating that they are of the same religious sect as the supposed insurgents. After the story makes the news, Flake and Rush are arrested and interrogated by the CID and the duo conceitedly admit to the rapes in rambling racist diatribes.
In October 2006, after returning home from Iraq, McCoy is at a bar with his wife when he is asked by his civilian friends to tell them a "war story". He obliges and tearfully tells them about the rape and murders, before sobbing into his wife's arms.
:An aspiring filmmaker who enlisted in the military to help him get into film school. Using his camcorder, he decides to shoot a homemade movie about his deployment in Iraq, to increase his chances of getting enrolled. After two of his fellow platoon mates rape Farrah, a teenage Iraqi schoolgirl, and murders her and her family, Salazar is kidnapped by the Mujahideen Shura Council and al-Qaeda in Iraq (AQI) while videotaping himself on a foot patrol, and subsequently beheaded in revenge. His death has a profound effect on SPC Lawyer McCoy, causing him to report the crime to the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Division (CID), leading to the arrests of PFC Reno Flake and SPC B.B. Rush for the gang-rape and murders of Farrah and her family.
:A married, college-educated soldier who enlisted in the U.S. Army, McCoy is disgusted by the conduct of his two fellow soldiers, PFC Reno Flake and SPC B.B. Rush.
:A tough veteran senior NCO on his third deployment to Iraq; he helps keeps his fellow soldiers in check. Highly respected by his men, when he is killed by an IED while on a foot patrol, the unit spirals downward without the presence of his strong leadership, inadvertently leading to the gang-rape and murders of Farrah and her family.
:A quiet, reserved soldier who spends his time reading books, most notably, Appointment in Samarra, by John O'Hara. He is the unit's K-9 handler, in charge of his bomb-sniffing dog, Kevin.
:One of the unit's two troublemakers, he spends his time with his best friend, PFC Reno Flake. He is the team's M249 SAW gunner.
:One of the unit's two troublemakers, he spends his time with his partner-in-crime, SPC B.B. Rush. He was named by his father, an avid gambler, after the city of Reno, Nevada, as he was fond of the city. He has a brother named Vegas Flake, who was named by his father after the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, which he was also fond of.
:The unit's battalion commander.
Principal photography commenced in Jordan in April 2007http://i15.photobucket.com/albums/a395/al_finete/Redacted/Pic002.jpg and ended in May 2007.
Redacted has received mixed reviews. Michael Medved said "it could be the worst movie I've ever seen." Gary Thompson wrote in The Philadelphia Inquirer, "A repulsive movie, marred by grotesquely hammy acting and inscrutable presentation by Brian De Palma... This "typical" group of soldiers contains at least two sociopaths whose short fuses are activated by booze, pornography and violence. I found these characterizations to be nonsensical...Here, though, Redacted implies that atrocities occur with the tacit or overt support of the American people. If that were true, maybe the scene wouldn't seem so ridiculous.  Variety dismissed the film by stating, "Deeply felt but dramatically unconvincing "fictional documentary" - inspired by the March 2006 rape and killings by U.S. troops in Mahmoudiya, south of Baghdad - has almost nothing new to say about the Iraq situation  Phillip Martin in the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette called the film, "clumsy, heavy-handed and sullenly self-congratulatory," and denounced the film as "this utterly surreal - and phony - picture show as obscene. It's a war crime of a petty order>"  Owen Gleiberman wrote in Entertainment Weekly, "why is Redacted such an excruciating experience? Because what happens within those formats is too fake to believe. The soldiers don't sound like soldiers," and concluded that the film was "so naive it's an embarrassment."http://www.ew.com/article/2007/11/21/redacted Joe Morgenstern wrote in The Wall Street Journal, "The Americans are portrayed with varying degrees of loathsomeness, but there's not much variety in the film. It's all an awful aberration."  Kenneth Turan wrote in The Los Angeles Times, "By any rational standard, this film is kind of a mess. Even if you agree with its politics, you will probably weep at the ineptitude of it all."  Tim Ronbbey's review in The Telegraph wrote, "Whatever your sympathy for its politics, it really is a monstrously bad film on every level."
However, Kyle Smith gave the movie a 3 star (out of 4) rating, saying, "(It) is a piece of anti-war propaganda whose aims I don't agree with, but it jolted me nonetheless."
On the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film was rated "rotten", with only 43 percent of the 93 reviews being positive and the average rating 5.3/10.
In spite of its modest budget, the film was a box office disaster.  On the weekend of its U.S. release the movie was viewed by approximately 3,000 people, grossing only $25,628. Brandon Gray, publisher of Box Office Mojo, said the low per-theater ratio made the film a flop for De Palma. Richard Johnson ran an article titled "De Palma Iraq flick bombs". The Daily Telegraph also said that the theatrical release had "bombed" in the U.S. Total U.S. gross amounted to only $65,388. International release added $716,053 for a total worldwide gross of $781,441. The film's budget was $5 million.
However, De Palma pointed out that the film itself is fictional; HDNet's lawyers told him he could not use anything real about the true event - he had to fictionalize it, and was not allowed to refer to the real event in any way.
The film has attracted political controversy, with claims that, though the film is based on a real event, it portrays U.S. soldiers in a highly negative light, and has contributed to anti-American sentiment in Iraq and elsewhere; for example the murders by Arid Uka (see below).  Sites like "boycottredacted.com" have accused Brian De Palma and the producer Mark Cuban of treason, and called for the general public to avoid watching the film. Republican Duncan Hunter, Ranking Member of the House Armed Services Committee complained in a letter to the chairman of the Motion Picture Association of America that the film "portrays American service personnel in Iraq as uncontrollable misfits and criminals" and "ignores the many acts of heroism performed by our Soldiers, Marines, Airmen and Sailors in Iraq." However, critic Kyle Smith opined that "De Palma isn't trying to insult the troops but illustrating how any war puts men in impossible situations." De Palma has stated that the film provides a realistic portrait of U.S. troops and how "the presentation of our troops has been whitewashed" by media. He expected that its graphic images would stir public debate about the conduct of U.S. soldiers. Reuters October 19, 2007
Commentator Bill O'Reilly (commentator)|Bill O'Reilly called for protests of Redacted and against Mark Cuban. O'Reilly claims that the film demeans U.S. soldiers and may incite violence against them, and he has called on ticketholders to bring signs to Dallas Mavericks games and all theaters showing the movie, stating 'Support the Troops'. Mark Cuban has responded, saying "The movie is fully pro-troops. The hero of the movie is a soldier who stands up for what is right in the face of adversity... I think that the concept that the enemy will see these films and use it as motivation is total nonsense. We have no plans of translating these movies to Arabic or other Middle Eastern languages...It's really easy to hate, its really hard to think issues through on their own merits. Anything that makes people think about issues is a good thing." Cuban also pointed out that, through the Fallen Patriots charitable fund that he set up and finances, over $2.5 million has been donated to soldiers in need.
During a New York Film Festival press conference for the film, De Palma mentioned that Redacted is itself redacted, due to Magnolia Pictures owner Mark Cuban "being disturbed" by the ending photo montage's imagery. A voice from the audience called out "That's not true"; with the speaker identifying himself as Eamonn Bowles, president of Magnolia Pictures. The producer of the film later appeared on stage to explain that the images were taken out not because they were disturbing, but because of concerns about the possibility that relatives of the dead persons appearing on the photographs might bring lawsuits for emotional distress and the like. Magnolia, he said, had been put in "an untenable legal position" making the movie uninsurable. Reuters
In an interview conducted the day after the uproar at the press conference, Cuban said, "There is no way I am going to include images of people who have been severely wounded or maimed and killed when the possibility exists that their families could unknowingly see the images and recognize a loved one." He also said that Magnolia had offered De Palma the option of buying the film back from the distributor in order to release it himself and "absorb 100 percent of the risk", but that De Palma did not accept. De Palma responded, "That's not true. He never offered me that opportunity, he never answered my phone calls."
'L.A. Noire' is a neo-noir detective Action-adventure game|action-adventure video game developed by Team Bondi and published by Rockstar Games. It was released on 17 May 2011 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and on 8 November 2011 for Microsoft Windows; a re-release for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One was released worldwide on 14 November 2017. L.A. Noire is set in Los Angeles in 1947 and challenges the player, controlling a Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) officer, to solve a range of cases across five divisions. Players must investigate crime scenes for clues, follow up leads, and interrogate suspects, and the player's success at these activities will impact how much of each case's story is revealed.
The game draws heavily from both the plot and aesthetic elements of film noir-stylistic films made popular in the 1940s and 1950s that share similar visual styles and themes, including crime and moral ambiguity-along with drawing inspiration from real-life crimes for its in-game cases, based upon what was reported by the Los Angeles media in 1947. The Untouchables, The Black Dahlia, and L.A. Confidential (film)|L.A. Confidential.
L.A. Noire is notable for using Depth Analysis' newly developed technology MotionScan, whereby the actors portraying the game's characters were recorded by 32 surrounding cameras to capture facial expressions from every angle.
The game takes place in the city of Los Angeles, in the year 1947, with the player assuming the role of Los Angeles Police Department officer, and later detective, Cole Phelps. and follows his career as he advances through the police department bureaus (desks) of Traffic, Homicide, Vice and Arson. Each desk gives the player a new partner who will help Phelps in his investigation of a number of cases based on a specific type of crime. The game assigns the player with cases that they must solve. After each case, players receive a rating of 1-5 stars depending on their performance in both interrogations and searching for clues. In some cases, when searching an area for clues to the crime, the player can also find newspapers. Besides reading the story, the newspapers give access to a short cinematic that either covers a part of the game's overarching plot or a flashback to Phelps' war memories. Near the end of the final desk, players assume control of private investigator Jack Kelso, who becomes the player character for most of the rest of the game; although different in appearance and personality, he controls identically to Phelps.
The game blends investigative elements with fast-paced action sequences, including chases, combat, interrogations and gunfights. Players use melee attacks and firearms to fight enemies, and may run, jump or use vehicles to navigate the world. In combat, auto-aim and a cover system can be used as assistance against enemies. Should player characters take damage, the character's health will gradually regenerate. Weapons can only be used in appropriate circumstances, such as during firefights. When driving vehicles, the player have the option to skip directly to the destination by nominating their partner as the driver. The player can also ask the partner for directions. In addition to storyline cases, the player may engage in an optional 40 side-investigations, known as Street Crimes, that are not related to the case that they are working on. Some street crimes will feature characters from previous cases.
Suspects and witnesses in a case can be interrogated for information, when the interviewee responds, the player is given the option to either believe them, doubt them, or accuse them of lying. There is also a free roam mode called "The Streets of L.A.", which is unlocked after each crime desk is completed, except for the Patrol desk. In this mode, the player and his partner are allowed to free roam the city of Los Angeles. The player can replay Street Crimes, find Golden Film Reels, discover Landmarks, collect Hidden Vehicles, find Badges or just cruise around and listen to the radio.
Following the end of World War II, Cole Phelps (Aaron Staton), a decorated USMC veteran of the Pacific Campaign, returns to Los Angeles, California to live with his family while taking on work as a Patrol Officer of the LAPD. In 1947, working with his partner Officer Ralph Dunn (Rodney Scott), Phelps successfully solves a major murder case and impresses his superiors, who promote him to detective. Working alongside Stefan Bekowsky (Sean McGowan) in Traffic, and then Finbarr "Rusty" Galloway (Michael McGrady) in Homicide, Phelps earns a reputation for solving difficult cases that eventually land him a promotion into Vice. During this time, he begins falling for German lounge singer Elsa Lichtmann (Erika Heynatz) and soon has an affair with her. Unknown to him, Roy Earle (Adam J. Harrington), his partner in Vice and a corrupt cop, uses this information to help several prominent figures in the city, including the Chief of Police, cover up a major scandal by making him a media scapegoat, in exchange for a place in a syndicate known as the "Suburban Redevelopment Fund" (SRF)-a development program that supplies housing for homebound WWII veterans. When his adultery is exposed, Phelps becomes disgraced in the LAPD, while his wife ends their marriage.
Prior to his demotion to Arson, Phelps had found that several Marines of his former unit had been selling morphine syrettes stolen from the ship that had taken them home, the SS Coolridge, which had later led to most being assassinated by mobsters working for Mickey Cohen (Patrick Fischler), who controlled the drug trade and had resented the competition; most of the stolen drugs remains unaccounted for by the time he is demoted. While investigating a pair of suspicious house fires with his partner in Arson, Herschel Biggs (Keith Szarabajka), Phelps notes a connection between them and a recent housing development, known as "Elysian Fields", but is warned by Earle to back off from tycoon developer Leland Monroe (John Noble). Seeking help to investigate the development, Phelps advises Elsa to refuse a life insurance payout in order to prompt his old comrade Jack Kelso (Gil McKinney), now an investigator for the California Fire & Life insurance company, to look into the matter. Kelso quickly discovers that the development is using unsuitable building materials, and becomes an investigator for the Assistant D.A. whereupon he soon learns that Monroe and his former employer, Curtis Benson, the Vice President of California Fire & Life, are involved in the SRF syndicate.
Kelso and Phelps eventually learn from their investigations that the Fund is merely a front to conceal its true purpose: to defraud the US Federal Government. Run by several local businessmen, dignitaries, as well as Monroe and the Chief of Police, the syndicate had learnt about the proposed route for the Whitnall Parkway through the Wilshire, Los Angeles|Wilshire district of the city, and thus bought the land it would run through. Monroe then built communities of "matchstick" houses, while Fire & Life falsely claimed the land was a higher value, knowing that the government would pay whatever the land was worth in order to gain eminent domain over it. Further investigations reveals that Courtney Sheldon (Chad Todhunter), a headstrong corpsman of Phelps and Kelso's former unit, had been involved in the theft of the morphine. The remainder of the morphine had been given to Sheldon's mentor and Popular psychology|pop-psychiatrist Harlan Fontaine (Peter Blomquist), who sold it on to finance the Fund and murdered Sheldon after he began questioning the syndicate's plans. Following a shoot-out at Monroe's mansion, Kelso discovers that the SRF had used Ira Hogeboom (J. Marvin Campbell), a former flamethrower operator from Phelps' and Kelso's unit, to help them with their plans. Hogeboom, suffering from PTSD and schizophrenia after inadvertently killing a large number of civilians on Phelps' orders during the Battle of Okinawa, had been unknowingly manipulated by Fontaine to torch the houses of holdouts who refused to sell out to the SRF, until eventually losing his sanity completely after he inadvertently incinerates a house with an entire family inside.
After learning that Hogeboom had murdered Fontaine and kidnapped Elsa, Phelps and Kelso pursue him into the Los Angeles River Tunnels as a heavy rain begins, fighting their way through corrupt policemen and thugs. The pair rescue Elsa, with Kelso killing Hogeboom to put him out of his mental anguish. With the water level rising, the group use an open manhole to escape, but Phelps is swept away in the current and killed. Whilst the SRF scam is exposed, several members escape justice by making a deal with the Assistant D.A. to testify. They attend Phelps's funeral, each delivering eulogies to his memory, much to the disgust of Elsa. Biggs remarks to Kelso that Phelps was never his friend, to which Kelso agrees but responds that he was never Phelps' enemy.
An Post-credits scene|epilogue flashback scene soon reveals that Kelso had known about the stolen morphine and Sheldon's involvement, after they and their other fellow Marines found the surplus supply on their ship home. However, Kelso refused to be involved in Sheldon's scheme to sell the drugs along with the other Marines, telling them all that they will lose his respect for them as Marines if they go through with the drug profiting, setting in motion the events of the game.
Team Bondi began to Development of L.A. Noire|develop L.A. Noire following their founding in 2004.
The game is set in 1947 Los Angeles, and the open world was modelled accordingly. To model the city, the developers used aerial photographs taken by photographer Robert Spence. In addition to recreating the city as it was in 1947, all of the in-game cases that the developers worked upon were each inspired in some part by the actual real-life crimes that the city's media reported on during that year. Each of the game's cases features at least a few of the real-life elements that were reported in newspaper articles of that time, with one example of a case that developers found inspiration for being the "Red Lipstick Murder". The case, part of the game's Homicide Desk, is based upon the facts and elements that were mentioned in articles about the real-life, unsolved murder of Jeanne French, a woman who was found dead in exactly the same conditions as the victim of the in-game case is found in, including the M.O. used on the victim, the state the body was left in, the lipstick message found on the body, and the initial suspect being the victim's husband, yet the in-game case differs from this in that it is closed by the main protagonist and not becoming a cold case towards the end of its investigation.
After a secretive audition process, Aaron Staton and Gil McKinney were selected to portray protagonists Cole Phelps and Jack Kelso, respectively.
In October 2003, Team Bondi announced their first project, for "a next-generation Sony platform". In 2004, McNamara said that the project was wholly funded by Sony Computer Entertainment America. The title of the game was not revealed until 2005, when they announced that L.A. Noire was to be released exclusively to the PlayStation 3.
A re-release of the game was announced on 7 September 2017 for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, with Virtuos handling the port. Rockstar Games also announced L.A. Noire: The VR Case Files, a subset of the seven of the game's cases for virtual reality support through the HTC Vive. Developed by Videogames Deluxe Sydney, including former Team Bondi employees, the game was released on 15 December 2017.
L.A. Noire features Music of L.A. Noire|an original score. The game's score accompanies the gameplay, alerting players at specific times. Like other games published by Rockstar, L.A. Noire also contains licensed music tracks provided by an in-game radio. Over thirty songs, from artists such as Billie Holiday, Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald, feature in the game. To work on the score, the team engaged Andrew Hale and Simon Hale, as well as Woody Jackson, who had previously collaborated with the team on Red Dead Redemption (2010). The game's score won the award for Best Original Score at the 2012 Bafta Video Games Awards.
Several standalone cases, collectibles and challenges for the game were released as downloadable content in the months following its release.
On 28 September 2011, Rockstar announced the PC version of the game, subtitled The Complete Edition, which was released on 8 November 2011 in North America and 11 November 2011 in Australia and Europe.
L.A. Noire received "generally favorable" reviews from critics, according to review aggregator Metacritic.
The first review was published by UK newspaper The Guardian, which awarded the game a perfect score, and stated "Ever since it first worked out how to assemble pixels so that they resembled something more recognisable than aliens, the games industry has dreamed of creating one thing above all else - a game that is indistinguishable from a film, except that you can control the lead character. With L.A. Noire, it just might, finally, have found the embodiment of that particular holy grail."
IGN said, "L.A. Noire may not reach the emotional heights of a game like Heavy Rain, but it's something everyone must try out. It reaches high and almost succeeds as a brilliant new type of video game narrative."
Edge praised the facial technology, and pointed out that while there are no other major aspects of the game that had not been done better elsewhere, the fact that Team Bondi had brought together such a wide range of game genres in such a stylish, atmospheric, and cohesive manner was an achievement that few developers had managed.
PlayStation: The Official Magazine stated that "In many ways, L.A. Noire is similar to an AMC series... It's a slow build, but once hooked, we couldn't get enough of this provocative adventure, with its compelling characters and innovative gameplay. It's not perfect, but it's also unlike anything else on the PS3 right now." Official Xbox Magazine concluded with "Yes, it's flawed, but L.A. Noire is an honest-to-goodness detective crime thriller - a genuine breath of fresh air that values narrative and story above all else in an age where scripted action sequences and online deathmatch rule the day. It's the closest thing Xbox has to PlayStation's unique adventurer Heavy Rain."GamesMaster gave the game 92%, and concluded that L.A. Noire is "Rockstar's most mature take on open-world fun to date, brought to life with incredible tech."
Despite the overall positive reception, some reviewers thought that the game had too many redundancies in the cases and left too little control to the player, leading to the game being boring at times. Although 1UP.com|1UP gave it a perfect score, they also warned that the extended cut-scenes in the game could make some players feel they lost control of the action.
Responding to criticism that accused the character's bodies of being lifeless, despite the game's use of motion capture, Brendan McNamara, the game's director and writer, stated in an interview with Eurogamer, "People were saying people were dead from the neck down. That's because we had all this animation in the neck and all this animation in the face, but the clothes don't move. Once you get to the level that people can actually see that level of realism, then people expect to see clothes moving and the rest of the body moving in a way we can't replicate in video games." In the same interview McNamara also responded to queries about why Phelps sometimes responds with particularly aggressive lines of dialogue during interrogation scenes. "It's funny. A lot of people say Aaron turns into a psycho. When we originally wrote the game the questions you asked were coax, force and lie. It was actually force because it was a more aggressive answer. That's the way we recorded it. But when the game came out it was truth, doubt or lie. Everyone always says Aaron on the second question is a psycho. So that's not his fault."
At the BAFTA Video Game Awards 2012, L.A. Noire won the award for Best Original Score, the game was also nominated in seven other categories.
On the day of the game's U.S. release, shares in Take-Two Interactive, Rockstar Games' parent company, closed up 7.75% on the day; a three-year high for the company. The rise was attributed to the positive reviews that L.A. Noire had been receiving. In the last available figures from February 2012, the game had shipped almost 5 million copies.
According to NPD Group, L.A. Noire was the best-selling game in the United States in May 2011,
L.A. Noire went straight to top of the UK games chart and became the fastest selling new intellectual property in the UK
On 22 May 2011, McNamara said that a sequel to L.A. Noire would take less than the five years it took to develop the first as the technology already exists. He also stated that they are considering using the MotionScan technology for full body performances rather than only faces.
During an investor call in November 2011, Zelnick re-iterated the importance of the game to Take-Two, stating that the game "has become an important franchise for the company." He announced that the game was Take-Two's "most successful new release" in the past fiscal year and has become a key property in its portfolio.
On 13 February 2012, Rockstar Games answered numerous fan questions about their games, including a question regarding the future of the L.A. Noire franchise. Rockstar said that they are "considering what the future may hold for L.A. Noire as a series", adding that they "don't always rush to make sequels". They also announced that no further DLC or additional content would be developed for the current edition.
"'Fear Her'" is the twelfth episode of the second season of the Australian television drama Wentworth, and the twenty-second episode overall. The plot of the episode sees Bea Smith (Danielle Cormack) take her revenge against Brayden Holt (Reef Ireland) after escaping from the hospital during the previous episode. Other storylines focus on Franky Doyle's (Nicole da Silva) downfall as top dog, Doreen Anderson (Shareena Clanton) telling Nash Taylor (Luke McKenzie) about their baby, and Liz Birdsworth (Celia Ireland) being re-arrested after being found in possession of a murder weapon.
The episode begins with Bea waking up at her daughter's grave. Bea then walks into town and does her best to blend in within everyone around her and not draw attention to herself. Meanwhile Will and Joan talk over the phone about Bea. Joan tells Will not to come back until he finds her. Joan then questions Franky, Doreen, Maxine, Jess and other prisoners about what they know about Bea's plans. Vera then comes in with Bea's phone records and details about Bea sending Liz a package.
In the locker room, Linda and Fletch talk about his impending transfer to another prison. Vera comes in and demands that he goes and speaks with Ferguson. Fletch is then interrogated about how his swipe card got into Bea's hands. Fletch defends himself against Joan. Vera tries to defend Fletch but Ferguson does not care.
Sky is in the prison exercise yard talking about Bea's escape to Boomer and Franky. Franky calls Bea a coward. Franky wants to teach Maxine a lesson but Boomer informs Franky that nobody will fight for her anymore. Kim visits Franky in her cell and informs her that her parole has been approved. Franky tells Kim to leave her.
Fletch sees that inmate Kelly is being transferred and he tries to stop it. He gets into the prison van and tells the driver to drive.
Meanwhile Bea goes to visit Liz at the halfway house. Liz is surprised to see Bea outside of the prison. Liz tries to stop Bea from going after Brayden by telling her that she got rid of it. Bea does not believe her. Liz helps Bea get away when the police come to interview Liz.
Fletch learns that Ferguson physically assaults inmates to silence them. Kelly then tells Fletch about Jianna and Ferguson. Fletch then realises that Ferguson also has it in for Will. Fletch tried to call Will but the call was rejected. Fletch confronts Ferguson about everything he learned. Fletch was recording their whole conversation. Joan has Fletch escorted out of the prison.
Doreen hears Nash yelling for her from outside and she exposes that she is having his baby and he is very pleased. Will meets with Liz and learns of Bea's plans, but he then lies to Ferguson about where she is going. Ferguson has Vera back her up that Jackson and Bea are in a relationship. Fletch goes to Will's house to try and warn him, but he is struck by a van.
Bea finds her way to Brayden's work shop, she witnesses Brayden trying to inject Carly Slater and points a gun at Brayden and lets Carly leave. Will then comes in shortly after and talks Bea out of shooting Brayden. Brayden then smirks after Bea drops the gun, Bea shoots him in the head. Will and Bea go peacefully out to the police where both of them are arrested.
The prisoners watch on TV about everything that has happened while police come and arrest Liz. Boomer is shocked when they see that Will was also arrested. Bea is returned to the prison where she addresses Joan as Freak. Franky tells everybody in H Block that Bea is top dog now.
This episode was nominated for an award from Australian Writers Guild.
A review from AfterEllen states "HOLY SHIT THAT WAS AWESOME. After a season of dreary disappointment, the Season 2 finale reminded me why I went from writing a one-off review of this obscure Australian drama to emailing Karman Kregloe to say, "This is the best show I've ever seen and I am doing full recaps." It had twists, action, drama, AND EVEN JOY (what a concept). Now my greatest hope is that Wentworth can maintain this energy and dynamism for its third season.""
This episode received 103,000 in overnight ratings.
'Anya's Ghost' is a coming-of-age story|coming-of-age ghost story in graphic novel format.  The first book by cartoonist Vera Brosgol, Anya's Ghost was published on June 7, 2011.
In the novel, unpopular Anya befriends the ghost of Emily, a girl around Anya's age who died 90 years earlier.  After failing to make Anya popular and happy, Emily becomes manipulative and controlling, leading Anya to discover the truth about Emily's death.
Anya's Ghost took four years from inception to publication, and is drawn predominantly in hues of violet.  Well received by critics, Anya's Ghost is the recipient of Cyblis, Harvey, and Eisner awards.  Production on a film adaptation of the novel was supposed to begin by the end of 2017.
Annushka Borzakovskaya (Anya) is a Russian émigré living in the United States with her mother and brother (Sasha).  Unpopular at her New England private school, Anya skips school and walks through a nearby forest.  Not seeing it, Anya falls into a dry well and finds herself alongside a human skeleton.  The skeleton's ghost, a shy, homely girl named Emily appears and explains that she too fell down the well and died of dehydration after breaking her neck ninety years ago.  Emily wishes to befriend and help Anya, but cannot move far from her bones.  Anya is soon rescued by a passerby, but Emily's skeleton remains undiscovered.
Emily later appears to Anya at school, Anya having inadvertently taken a finger bone from Emily's skeleton.  Anya decides to keep the bone after Emily helps her cheat on a biology exam and spy on her crush, Sean.  Emily gives her full name as Emily Reilly and explains that her fiancé died fighting in World War I, and that her parents were murdered at home.  She was running from the killer when she fell down the well.  Anya promises to find Emily's killer, while Emily agrees to help Anya fit in at school and win over Sean.  As their friendship develops, Anya drifts away from her one friend at school (Siobhan) while Emily becomes disinterested in discovering her murderer's identity.
At Emily's insistence, Anya dresses up and goes to a party attended by Sean and his girlfriend Elizabeth.  There, Anya discovers that Sean habitually cheats on Elizabeth with her consent.  Distraught, Anya leaves the party, which makes Emily angry and confused for she believed Anya and Sean were destined for each other.  Anya later notices Emily becoming more controlling and adjusting her appearance by straightening her hair and smoking ghostly cigarettes.  Anya goes to the library without Emily to research the killer; there she learns that Emily had no fiancé, but had instead murdered a young couple in their home after her unrequited love rejected her, and then died running from the authorities.
When Anya returns home, the finger bone is missing.  After being confronted with the truth, Emily shows that she is capable of moving solid objects, implying she put her finger bone in Anya's bag.  Emily begins threatening Anya's family to make Anya comply, even causing Anya's mother to fall down the stairs.  After Emily appears before Sasha, he reveals he found the bone earlier; Anya retrieves it and runs to the well, pursued by Emily.
Once there, Anya confronts and accuses Emily of trying to live vicariously through her.  Emily rebukes Anya, saying that she is no better, and that the two of them are more alike then she wants to admit.  After Emily fails to push Anya into the well, Anya drops the bone back in.  Emily then possesses her own skeleton, and climbs out to give further chase.  Anya stops and instead convinces Emily of the futility of her situation, causing the tearful ghost to dissipate, and the skeleton to fall back into the well.  Later, Anya convinces her school to fill the well and rekindles her friendship with Siobhan.
Brosgol conceived the character of Anya when she was working on Put the Book Back on the Shelf (2006), a comics anthology based on the music of the Scottish indie pop band Belle and Sebastian.  She wrote a short story about a disaffected schoolgirl to accompany the song "Family Tree" (from the band's 2000 album Fold Your Hands Child, You Walk Like a Peasant).  Brosgol didn't finish the story, but enjoyed drawing "that character with her fat little legs and cigarettes."  Then, after reading Haruki Murakami's novel The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle, she decided her unnamed character should fall down a well.  The rest of the story came later, drawn from the author's own life and other inspiration.  Brosgol started work on Anya's Ghost in 2007.
As Anya's Ghost was her first book, Brosgol said that its production was an exercise in trial and error.  Brosgol does not work from a script, saying that "the art and the dialogue come at the same time and one suggests the other".  She prefers to illustrate events rather than use dialogue in her comics.  Working from a detailed outline, Brosgol drew thumbnails of each panel-two to a page in a Moleskine notebook-and wrote the dialogue as she went along.
From her thumbnails, Brosgol used her Wacom Cintiq to draw a rough version of the ultimate art.  This rough version of Anya's Ghost went to her editor for approval.  After approval, Brosgol went back through her rough draft and "tightened the roughs up just enough so that [she] could ink them".  She then used paintbrushes (being especially particular about her Winsor & Newton Series 7s) to paint on Canson translucent vellum atop her printed-out rough draft.  Brosgol inked the panels and speech balloons first, adding in the lettering digitally later with a custom font developed for her by John Martz; she colored the novel in Adobe Photoshop.
Anya's Ghost is drawn in what Pamela Paul called a "deep violet palette" that Brosgol called "purpley-blue".  The artist herself said she chose the colors "for no other reason than I like purpley-blue and I think it feels right for the story".  Susan Carpenter of the Los Angeles Times interpreted the colors as "a subtle underscoring of Anya's bruised ego".
Having worked on Kazu Kibuishi's Flight (comics)|Flight comics, Brosgol contacted his talent agent Judith Hansen who had agreed to look at the work of anybody involved.  After completing the art for Anya's Ghost in 2009, Brosgol brought it to Hansen, who agreed to represent the artist.  Brosgol finished the cover art in 2010, and then "there's a full year on the end for printing, and marketing, and all of that which comes with a book publisher."  The book was published on June 7, 2011 by First Second Books.
Anya's Ghost won the 2011 Cybils literary award in the Young Adult category.  It also won the 2012 Harvey Award for "Best Original Graphic Publication for Younger Readers" and the 2012 Eisner Award for "Best Publication for Young Adults (Ages 12-17)".  Anya's Ghost was nominated for the 2011 Bram Stoker Award for Best Graphic Novel, but lost to Neonomicon by Alan Moore.
The Los Angeles Times Susan Carpenter reviewed the graphic novel and described it as "a well-paced story that feels dynamic and also intimate."  She further lauded the work, calling it "humorous" and "beautifully drawn".  Pamela Paul of The New York Times compared Anya's Ghost positively to Marjane Satrapi's Persepolis, saying that the novel felt real (even with its supernatural elements) and that Anya was "a smart, funny and compassionate portrait of someone who, for all her sulking and sneering, is the kind of daughter many parents would like to have."  Wired Kathy Ceceri also noted an artistic similarity to Persepolis; she not only liked how Anya's Ghost intertwined the teenage angst and fantasy elements of the novel, but praised how Anya's desire for a boyfriend doesn't overwhelm the story.  Cory Doctorow reviewed Anya's Ghost for Boing Boing, calling it "really sweet, really funny and really scary, [with] a powerful message about identity, fitting in, and the secret selfish bastard lurking in all of us and whether having such a goblin inside makes us irredeemable or merely human."  Whitney Matheson with USA Today wrote that Anya's Ghost is a "funny, creepy and a delightful page-turner" and cited author Neil Gaiman who called the novel "a masterpiece".  Steve Duin of The Oregonian praised the inventiveness of Brosgol's storytelling, and called her art "[a] little uneven, but ... at its best when the lights go out."  Almost six years after its publication, Paste (magazine)|Paste listed Anya's Ghost as a comic having "the potential to mean something special, to offer something valuable and important, whether that's revelatory depth or escapist fun, to a young reader."
Andy and Barbara Muschietti, director and producer of the 2013 horror film Mama (2013 film)|Mama, bought the film rights to Anya's Ghost in 2015.  That October, they were speaking with scriptwriter Patrick Ness for a screenplay, and in August 2017, Deadline Hollywood announced that, with a script by Ness, production of the Anya's Ghost film would "begin before year's end."  Dan Mazer will direct, Jeremy Bolt and Benedict Carver will produce, and Entertainment One is financing the film.  Bolt described Ness as "passionate about the source material", having written a "fresh and distinctive" screenplay; Bolt went on to describe the film as a "classic high school comedy with a supernatural twist."  According to Deadline Hollywood, Emma Roberts has been cast to star in the film.
'"Kitty"' is an episode of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation. Kitty introduced FBI Agent Avery Ryan from CSI: Cyber which this episode served as the backdoor pilot of the series. Despite being credited Jorja Fox and Jon Wellner who portray Sara Sidle and Henry Andrews do not appear in this episode (although the latter does appear in a deleted scene).
At an airfield Avery arrives where a pilot complains about her wanting to stop at Vegas, she then tells the pilot things he doesn't like about himself and he quickly tells her that she can come.
In Las Vegas, Brass is interviewing Berman about his wife's murder. It is shown that Avery is watching the interview, Avery asks Conrad Ecklie (Marc Vann) if she can go in and interview. Avery starts to quiz Berman about Kitty. Berman demands his solicitors to leave the room but when Avery tells him that she knows when people are lying he calls his solicitors back in.
D.B., Julie, Nick and David Hodges look for Kitty in the database, Avery explains about the deep web and then gets one of her agents to log into Kitty's website and they use Hodges' name to log in the site. Avery shows them that Kitty is just a chatbot.
In his office, Avery talks to D.B. about the case and requests Finlay to assist her to review the computer. Avery manages to retrieve the data from Berman's computer and they learn that there was a two-way camera on the computer. Avery and Finlay conclude that Berman unknownly made a sex tape. Avery notices Kitty massaging her jaw and investigates further.
In the morgue, David Phillips (David Berman) gives D.B. a bullet. while Robbins is performing the autopsy.
Morgan Brody (Elisabeth Harnois) tells D.B. that the bullet found doesn't match Berman's bullets. Berman is then released from custody and he walks past the police station reception and sees a woman (also DeVitto) who is identical to Kitty. Avery explains to the woman (whose name is Susan) that she is a person of interest. Susan tells Avery that she is on Friend Agenda. Avery notes to Susan that she has an "idiosyncratic medical condition".
Avery and Susan work out that Susan's top hit on her profile is the one who created Kitty. Meanwhile, Ecklie tells Berman to stay at the hotel where he learns that Berman doesn't have a dog so Nick takes the dog to Hodges while Greg is briefing how the killer knew the house. The three learn that the killer got a dog to fool the security at the house.
Brass finds the car rented by the killer and he and Nick goto the car where it was empty as a plane flies overhead they realise the killer has fled the country. Nick takes the evidence back to the office and briefs D.B. and Avery. There was a video of the murder where Avery realises that her suspect was never in Las Vegas.
Avery and Nick look at Nebula1's (Cheyenne Jackson) first profile picture, and learn that he is agoraphobic and orders in a lot. They then learn that he is in St Louis due to them being able to make out the Gateway Arch in the background. When FBI agents raid his house they find computers with Kitty on them all and then Avery realises it is a trap and they lose all evidence.
Avery organises a press conference where Susan tells her story. After the conference Avery is informed that Nebula1 has crashed Susan's profile.
In San Diego, Avery confronts Nebula1, he then attacks Avery and cuts her with his knife. Avery says her codeword and he is then arrested.
At the end, Avery arranges for Susan's husband to come home. As she is leaving Avery tells D.B. about a bank robbery of three cents from 80 million chequing accounts.
This episode launched the third CSI series, CSI: Cyber. It is written by the creators of CSI: Miami and CSI: NY, and marks the first appearance of Patricia Arquette as Dr Avery Ryan.
This episode was included in the Season 14 DVD.
This episode is also included in CSI: Cybers season 1 DVD boxset.CSI: Cyber Season 1 DVD Boxset
The episode had 9.95 million viewers.
'Sabhash' (English: Bravo) is a Tamil thriller film directed by K. Subash featuring R. Parthiepan, Divya Unni and Ranjith which was released  on 1 September 2000. The film was remade in Hindi as Vaadaa (2005).http://www.rediff.com/movies/2005/jan/07vaada.htm
The movie opens with Cheenu (R. Parthiepan), who is blind, and his good friend Dharan (Ranjith) finding out that Cheenu's wife Shanti (Divya Unni) has died by hanging herself in their house. The police close the case as a suicide. Evidence surfaces which point to Dharan's guilt. But he resolutely maintains that he is innocent while Cheenu too believes his friend.
It keeps the suspense alive successfully first with respect to Ranjith's innocence and then the reason behind the happenings.
``Sabash. It belongs to the Hollywood genre of films like ``Sleuth where two people are pitted against each other. The whole film is about how each tries to outwit the other.
Here, the two persons in focus are Parthiban and Ranjith. Parthiban plays Seenu, a loving husband of Shanti (Divya Unni), while Ranjith plays Dharan, Shanti's ex-lover. Life is going great for Shanti and Seenu when, in an accident, Seenu loses his eyesight. Enters Dharan. And, Shanti commits suicide. But why?
Parthiban seems convinced that his wife has been murdered and all the evidence points towards Dharan. Suddenly one day, Dharan discovers that Seenu is not blind, after all. So then, could Seenu have murdered his wife? Or was it Dharan? Or was it suicide? Why did Seenu pretend to be blind?
